you
This is so crazy I feel so nervous like what in the world man
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!
the masks or behind, you know, proper testing or behind the six-foot distancing, the two-meter distancing, or behind these shots, right?
This technology that has never been used widely.
None of that is over.
And as Sasha Lateefa pointed out this morning, you know, these were
military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity.
Having had it for two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth of morning exercise.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent
that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of DRASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others
in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of what we call gain of function science.
There's all kinds of ways to gain the confidence of somebody and flattery is one of them.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, and it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
No, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency.
Stop lying!
Just it's literally turning into worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
Your latest video with Paul was amazing, JJ.
Wow, that's a very nice compliment.
Thank you very much.
Can you hear me better now or not?
Yes, much better.
It was really like it nailed down two things for me, but I finally really understand the infectious clone idea.
And I think it's very, very likely what happened.
Stop lying!
There's all kinds of ways to gain the confidence of somebody and flattery is one of them.
Of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic.
There was no pandemic and there will be no pandemic.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was that?
Isolation and purification.
of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
I see.
No, it depends on how they use it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
He is the life of parties he has never attended.
If opportunity knocks and he's not home, opportunity waits.
When in Rome, they do as he does.
He is the most interesting man in the world.
I don't always ruin things, but when I do, I prefer the great reset.
Stay awake, my friends.
the specializations should make you suspicious because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's, that's a, that's sort of my starting, my starting bias.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to Giga Home Biological, the high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by biologists.
I'm happy to be here talking about the truth of the Scooby-Doo and how we were fooled into solving their mystery and accepting all of their monsters.
This is something that I've been trying to get across for the last five years as it's become more and more clear to me what happened.
I have a website, gigaohmbiological.com.
I have a PeerTube instance, stream.gigaohm.bio.
And I have a Soapbox instance, which is gigaohm.bio.
And you can connect with us on all of those places.
Facebook sucks, but you can also call a number.
and leave a voicemail if you so desire.
I don't know what just happened there.
It's almost like that went on a little quick.
But we also watch Giga Home Biological.
I was really watching Housatonic ITS, Housatonic Live a lot.
His work is spectacular.
His website is spectacular.
There's another guy that I like a lot.
His artistry is pretty
funny He does things to support our work and our message and I can't thank Ned enough So I got to recommend his sub stack to you Gain of function is a mythology that they still need us to teach our kids and very specifically the clowns on X need us to Yes, you do you need to call and you need to leave a voicemail that I can play at the beginning of the
the show.
They need us to teach this to our kids yet.
It's not over.
They need us to be teaching this fear to our kids and it is actually knowledge that will dispel this enchantment.
Knowledge about how social media works.
Knowledge about biology.
And that's what we're trying to do.
Trying to be like Galileo here and just call him like we see him.
I'm not using a telescope.
I used a microscope for a very long time.
And we definitely live in interesting times where your consciousness is prime real estate.
And it doesn't really matter what is true.
It matters what is perceived to be true.
And that's the magic of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Children's Health Defense and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker, these traders that have been masquerading as
As heroes for so long, your consciousness is the prime real estate that they've been occupying for a long, long time with their bullshit story.
And as they've been running you to the exits, none of these people seem to be able to say that the protocols were manslaughter, that gain of function is a mythology, that the Scooby-Doo mystery that was laid down before us is real.
They don't seem to be able to say it because they have a spectacular commitment to the lies, to the script that they have been provided.
And that is all that's required is that spectacular commitment to the lies.
Um, and the lies include not talking about the fact that supplementary oxygen causes ARDS, not talking about the fact that virology is essentially just synthetic DNA and RNA applied to cell culture and animals.
It's never saying, despite being really impressive former pharmaceutical executives, they don't seem to be able to realize that placebo batches being distributed would be the easiest way both to greatly decrease what would have been very much expected
sort of damage done by transfection, you just fix that by distributing placebos.
But more importantly, you can get everybody in on the gag because the vast majority of people will have taken a shot and not felt anything.
This is the reality, and the reality is that all of this theater is designed to make you not understand what I mean by intramuscular injection is just plain dumb.
For a very long time, people have been trying to tell me that that's just too mean, that's too ugly, that doesn't make any sense.
Why say it like that?
When in reality, that is the heart of the narrative.
Intramuscular injection's just plain dumb.
And so they've used weaponized piles of money to pay people to go on social media to convince us to argue about the origins of the virus.
That's the Scooby-Doo.
And participating in that argument accepts the premise of the novel virus by default.
And we are governed by the same theater.
But it spans from mainstream media to social media platforms to all sides of the mythology.
And it may be that many of the people that participated on any given side of these mythologies are actually unwitting participants because they have convinced themselves or other people have convinced them that they're smart and they've figured it out.
That's where I was.
You can tell if someone's lying.
That's where they were trying to get me.
You can sort of feel it in people.
All these liars.
I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
All these liars.
Can you hear that air conditioner in the background?
I apologize for that.
All these liars.
Mary Holland, Robert Malone, Jayantabadacharya, Brian Hooker, Kevin McKernan, Nick Hudson, Jessica Rose, Mike Eden.
And Mike Eden is a really interesting fella.
I find him very, very interesting.
He's one of those guys, I don't think my slideshow is cooperating with me.
Let me read that list just one more time about the illusion of consensus.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
You can't hear the glory, you can't hear the music.
I don't want to lie, you know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar.
The provided script was stuck to, they all had faith in the provided script.
Even Mary Holland, and Robert Malone, and Jayanta Bhattacharya, and Brian Hooker, they all had trust in the script that was gonna get RFK into the White House, that was gonna, I don't know, change the world somehow.
And Nick Hudson, and Jessica Rose, and Mike Yeadon, oh my gosh, Mike Yeadon.
He's one of these guys that's very hard to detect.
It's taken me five years to figure out what exactly his script was and why his script is essentially useless.
And it really took his, his unwavering commitment.
to Sasha Latapova, the mother of Soph.
Soph being this obnoxious, underage girl before the pandemic who was promoted by none other than Alex Jones three times in 2019 as some kind of dissident who was unfairly blamed for threatening to kill the YouTube CEO or something like that.
A million subscribers on YouTube before the pandemic lost.
um somehow or another we're supposed to believe that Sasha Latapova is the as the mother of Soph is some kind of good guy um even though her daughter's activity on the internet before that was absurd and now Mike Eden like
like CHD, and like Epoch Times, and like Mary Holland, and Meryl Nass, and Pauly Tommy, who've all done long podcasts with Sasha Latupova and promoted her on stage, even been on stage with her.
The first time that I ever saw her on stage with anybody was in January of 2023 with Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, and this clown, Asim Malhotra.
And now Mike Eden is insistent that this woman is one of the few heroes worth mentioning if he's going to make a five-minute video.
And I just think it's hilarious, because he has revealed himself as the meddler
the the scripted fool on Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan's script and so like like everybody else he is the bait on social media that's why a lot of the videos of of Mike Eden aka Mr. Sparkle oh that that was missing a video um you got to understand why
The cheese is free on social media.
If you don't understand why the cheese... Come on now.
If you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, then you're not gonna get... Look at how it does that to me.
Darn it.
There we go.
And that's the only non-compliance that matters.
They imagine that there's only one chance in history to collect this data, and so they're willing and ready to invert your sovereignty.
And if you don't understand that they're using social media to do it, and you think a Democrat and Republicans and, you know, conservative and liberal, this is all something that matters, then you are a stooge.
You are already caught.
And so yes, please understand.
This is a viewer supported stream If you want to leave a voicemail, there's the number
And yeah, it's July 15th.
It's remarkable.
If you want a bumper sticker for your car or a tactical patch with Velcro backing that says Giga Ohm Biological and Biology is the way, please send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Dr. J at P.O.
Box 802, Bethel Park, PA 15102.
I am very, very excited.
Did I already plug him?
I'm gonna plug him again.
Housatonicits.com is that home site where you can find all the research that he's done.
And yes, biophenomenon at substack.com is also a dude that I want to promote.
This is the one place where you can put some goggles on that will dispel all the myths.
All the myths.
All the myths will be dispelled here.
We're not playing anymore.
Again, that P.O.
Box 802 Bethel Park, PA 15102.
You can also send, you know, support there if you want to, or fresh honey from your garden, or other stuff.
Anyway, this is Giga Home Biological.
This is where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media, and we love our neighbors.
Staying focused looks a lot like what this eagle does right there.
Staying focused on the biology.
Yes, that is it.
Staying focused.
I'm staying focused on biology.
I'm staying focused on not taking the bait on social media.
Trying to subvert social media with satire and bullshit because that's what it is.
Those people are performing.
There's no way for me to go viral on the internet.
It doesn't matter.
Stay focused!
It doesn't matter what I do or what kind of stream I put together.
Stay focused on the biology.
It doesn't matter.
Because I'm never gonna spontaneously rise with inside of this narrative because it's all fake.
It's all fake.
If I sit on this beach and wait for this wave to come, it still requires them to turn it on, otherwise there won't be a wave here for me to surf.
And so as we teach our kids how to use social media,
First and foremost, we need to teach them that it's an illusion, that it's an artificial wave that we're surfing, and that wave is carefully controlled.
And if they want it to be too much for us, they can make it too much for us.
If they want it to be that we can't keep our head above water, they can make it that way.
And that's because if you go on social media as a skilled user, you can't stay focused.
You can't not take their bait on social media and you can't love your neighbor if you're skillfully watching social media.
That's really it.
And so that's what Giga Home Biological is trying to change.
Always trying to change that direction.
Welcome to the show.
Good to be here.
Somebody said they can't hear the blower, so that's really great.
I'm very happy to be here this morning.
Good evening, good morning, good afternoon, wherever you are.
It is 125 in the afternoon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Coming to you live from my garage again.
As usual, as it says on my arm, I'm part of the Team USA.
The goal is to wake America up to the illusion that we are, the spell that we are under.
It is not as simple as saying it's a spell of red and blue or Democrat and Republican or a uniparty.
It's more complicated than that because the spell that we're under is essentially a spell akin to a sci-fi movie where our understanding of physics and biology and chemistry is so distorted that we can't really process reality in a useful way.
Plus,
We're using social media as if it's some kind of, you know, spontaneous representation of our social reality, which it most certainly is not.
So, any who... In addition, we will not call autism, I don't like the word autism, he was vaccine damaged.
So the idea is, is that of course we're trying to dispel some fundamental myths that
you know, come from Western culture have been codified essentially in the teachings of Western culture.
And we need to get over that.
I don't know why that went on its own.
I guess it's got a timer there.
But the point is that autism spectrum disorder is a myth and it's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, even though it's a dumb idea from the 1800s.
It's make sure that virology is never questioned as a science, even though it can be simply debunked
has transfection and transformation using DNA and RNA in cell culture in animals, and that public health is never questioned as a reason.
That's the same reason why they use pandemics and gain-of-function, to make sure that these things can never be questioned.
It's coercion.
It's coercion by coordinated liars on social media and in the mainstream media for more than a couple generations now.
Fourth turning my ass.
For the last four turnings, intramuscular injection as medicine has been considered some kind of good idea, even though it's not.
And for about four turnings, autism spectrum disorder and pandemics have been stories that they've not told us were myths, but told us are the foundations of public health and the reason why national governments are kind of, you know, I don't know, they're a little bit obsolete.
We are in a very dangerous place, ladies and gentlemen, because this illusion of a health freedom movement is there very specifically to protect this, to make sure to coerce us into teaching this to our kids and not teaching our kids that this is actually evidence of manslaughter.
And that's how they maintain it.
And they will continue to maintain this illusion on a provided script, maintaining this illusion for the old people with too much time on their hands, the old people who need to be convinced that some skepticism of the vaccine is warranted.
for the vulnerable middle-aged people who, for whatever reason, find themselves feeling conservative but can't find a home in a church or in a community or in some kind of organization around their hometown.
And so find themselves inevitably using social media as skillfully as possible to try and find that conservative movement in America and have stumbled into this bullshit show.
That's really what happened at the beginning of the pandemic.
And these coordinated lies told by coordinated liars who all trust in the script, they're the trap that we fell into.
And we fell into the trap very specifically because we thought we could argue with them.
I thought I could argue with them and I could convince them that their script wasn't quite right, that their idea wasn't quite right.
You know, where you hear Jessica Rose says, I really think that's what happened.
Stop lying.
And so that's the issue here.
These actors were put in place to curate that narrative to make sure that nobody asked any useful questions.
that nobody ever realized that these could have been called transfection from the very beginning.
And that would have been much closer to implying some kind of effort toward informed consent, but it would have also revealed his resume as just having been about transfection for 20 years.
And it could be instead blamed effectively on the spike protein of the novel virus.
And that's why so many of these clown shows were revolving around the spike protein
and its gain-of-function, you know, additions, its specific sequence, and its homologies with all kinds of scary things that meant that the spike protein should never be inside of the shot.
And now, of course, we've added an extra layer with some of the worst actors here, including Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose, where they're trying to say that the shots might have been okay if they wouldn't have been so doggone, uh, so doggone contaminated with SV40.
And so they maintain this illusion of consensus by sticking to the provided script, and more importantly, sticking to the, maybe as importantly, provided cast list.
Jessica Rose is never going to say my name again.
None of them will ever say it again, even though they got together, sometimes in groups of five, to discuss who I was.
They will never say it again.
Just because they organized a Steve Courage steering committee and then pretended that I was being added to it doesn't mean that these people are done.
It just means that they'll never do it again.
Just because I've been in a signal chat with like five of these people at a time over the course of five years, and it's always the same show, doesn't mean they're gonna do it anymore, but they definitely all did it.
And that's what makes Mike Eden such a particularly lame player in this, because as he sticks to this provided script, the question is, will we be able to see the provided script?
Because the lioness of Judah ministry
On Substack, you know, Substack, that place where the truth is getting out with anonymous Substacks, right?
Like the one we looked at the other day with Sasha or the one before that we looked at with Sasha.
This is now
An anonymous substack who's been exposing the darkness.
Stop lying!
And now this is a promotion of a one-time recording for Mike Yeadon.
And let's see, let's just take notes and try to understand what it is that Mike Yeadon says.
And let's decide on our own whether he's full of shit, or whether he's a scripted fool, or what his deal is.
And first of all, keep in mind that there's lots of people he could name.
He could say Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He could say Jayantabadacharya.
He could say Thomas Binder, who he was on a paper with.
in 2020 about the PCR test.
He could say Kevin McKernan or Claire Craig because he was also on the paper with Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan at the beginning of the pandemic.
He could say those names, but he's not gonna.
And that's strange.
Hey, who are you?
Who is this guy over here?
Who is this dude down here?
My little Mikey.
You coming in here to check on me again, bud?
That's good.
It's better when the doors open, huh?
Then you can come in whenever you want to.
You don't have to be so worried.
Yeah.
Okay.
I got to keep working.
You're a good boy.
So let's get on with this.
I'm worried about it.
I got to tell you because I think this is the illusion.
I think the illusion is that's how they're hiding the murder.
you know, root for him, 5-D chess, Donald Trump played the same role.
And unfortunately, the ghost of health freedom is also manifest in Mike Eden's really shitty performance over the last five years.
Essentially, Mike Eden has shown no progress, you know, just like we have now, this video I showed you the other day of... The head will not be easy.
I can attest personally that in my work as the Director of National Intelligence.
There's no way that Tulsi Gabbard is the Director of National Intelligence of America and America is not collapsing.
There's no way that this is not being burnt down from the inside of that chick who was on the Joe Rogan podcast.
That Hindu is our Director of National Intelligence and is communicating with America directly, with the American public directly, with a YouTube channel.
She's a surfer like Jessica Rose.
So Suzanne is another one of these really shitty players who's clearly on a script because for the last 15 years she hasn't learned anything and hasn't been able to progress.
And in fact, this fraud used to say it very clearly back when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were alive, just like, apparently, Del Bigtree used to say it very clearly back when Tony Bark
and Brandy Vaughn were alive because he said that, you know, we just kill kids with the vaccine schedule and that's okay.
We just paralyze kids with the vaccine schedule and that's okay.
And this chick said that she didn't think a safe vaccine was possible because it was antithetical to, or it goes against everything we know about our biology.
So if that's the case in 2017,
Before Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark die in 2020, and now after they're dead, Brian Hooker and Suzanne Humphries and Mary Holland and all these other shitheads can't say it anymore, Dell Bigtree, then what do we have here other than traitors who are spectacularly committed to a lie?
And I don't know, do they have a gun to their head?
It doesn't matter.
If they have a gun to their head, then they should have stepped out of the spotlight already by now.
They should have done known better.
The same with these people.
Jessica Rose belongs in jail.
Jessica Rose is one of the worst young adults alive under 50.
And this scripted bullshit about contamination and genetic integration that both of these jackasses are selling on Substack is traitorous to our grandchildren.
and really misrepresenting the fact that transfection in all of its forms, even the best one, the theoretically best one, would have been treacherous and terrible for healthy people.
Seriously, these people belong in jail.
This guy is also a scripted fraud with a foreign passport who was my friend for three years and tried to get me to stop talking about the traitorous Robert Malone, the one providing these people with the script that is going to destroy the FDA from within, going to undermine the U.S.
government as swiftly as possible, in the worst way possible, using the biggest budgets available to suck the U.S.
government dry.
Think about that, HHS, FDA, NHS.
They can shift a lot of money around.
It's scripted bullshit about publishing fees and open science.
This guy's a clown and they've taken him out of the Sunday circuit because he's a clown.
And because I have those selfies.
I put one of them at the top of my Twitter feed because it's just bullshit.
These people are liars, scripted liars.
This clown show, Peter McCullough here, who one time in 2022 said that he didn't think he would ever use the vaccine schedule if he could do it all over again, and then he never said it again.
Then he never said it again.
And that's because he is scripted bullshit, okay?
He is scripted frickin' bullshit about the gain of function spike protein.
So here's Mike Eden.
And it ain't gonna be pretty.
You're not gonna be happy.
And I'm gonna have to stop it a lot to point out what...
how ridiculous it is, okay?
It's absurd how awful it is.
And it's unfortunate, but Mike Yeaton probably belongs in some jail.
I don't know which one.
I will credit the terrific work of two Americans, Sasha Latipova, L-A-T-Y-P-O-V-A.
So imagine that he's actually spelling her last name.
Think about how much of a bitch that makes him.
He's just Robert Malone's bitch.
Here, read this name and spell it out.
Sasha Latipova.
The abusive mother of Sof?
Because when Soph was underage, she was making shitty videos.
And the worst part is, it seems like Sasha Latupova took advantage of the fact that her daughter looked like a little baby girl, like a toddler when she was a teenager.
You know, like a really well-spoken little 10-year-old when she was 14.
And so her family, apparently Sasha Latupova, took advantage of that.
And a few years later, Soph had a million followers on YouTube and then was threatening to shoot the YouTube CEO and was telling UK people to go get guns and go shoot their cops.
And later, during the pandemic, made a video with her mom at a gun range talking about shooting Joe Biden and recruiting somebody to shoot Donald Trump about a half a year before Donald Trump was indeed shot by somebody from my son's high school.
Fuck off, Mike Eden.
You're a piece of shit.
And you know you're on a script.
You know because you've communicated with me over these last four years, and gone farther and farther away from saying anything meaningful, and gone further and further to promoting these shitheads, from the no-virus people like Andrew Kaufman and Tom Cowan, and the Baileys in New Zealand, now to Sasha Latipova, the mother of Soph.
And you start by spelling her name.
Grab your ankles, Mike.
I hope you got lube.
Asha Latipova, like me, a retired pharma executive.
She worked in development.
I was in... Like him, a retired pharma exec.
Like Jonathan Engler, a retired pharma exec.
Like Robert Malone, a pharma exec.
Just like all of these people who knew at the beginning of the pandemic that this was called transformation or transfection.
And they knew that it could never be made pure using the manufacturing techniques that involved recombinant DNA.
And they know that because that's how protein biologics have been made for the last 20 years.
And so McKernan, and Claire Craig, and Jessica Rose, and Jonathan Engler, and all these people like Mike Eden, and Sasha Latupova, and Robert Malone, who all have ties directly to a career in pharmaceuticals, cannot have known.
that this would maybe be okay, that maybe, they had to know.
They had to know that this was gonna be shit, and they knew it from the very beginning, but Mike Eden spent 2020.
Mike Yeadon spent 2020 telling us about natural immunity, telling us about previous immunity, and overlapping immunity with overlapping epitopes from previous respiratory viruses because he's a respiratory physiologist who used to work for Pfizer.
Stop lying!
Mike Yeadon is a scripted fraud.
And he has stuck to the script, and Robert Malone, and Kevin McKernan, and Claire Craig, and whoever else is on this script.
And you can see it because he was on the very first paper that they also put Thomas Binder on, one of the only good guys on Earth.
And I think that Mike Eden and Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan were all put on that paper with Thomas Binder.
One of the main reasons was to rope Thomas Binder into this pseudo-intellectual group to make sure that they could always step in front of him on social media if they needed to.
That's what Mike Eden is doing right now, but he's trying really desperately to get out of the spotlight by saying, I gotta credit Sasha LaTupova and Catherine Watt, because these two Americans are frickin' geniuses, and they pretty much summarize it better than I even could.
He is a scripted fraud who's taking it for the team right now and trying desperately to finally take his curtain call and get out of the spotlight by passing it to these two shitheads who have no answer.
Who have no answer.
It's just that the militaries around the world are doing it.
Right, Mary Holland?
It was a global military operation like Satchelatopoulos said.
Even Mary Holland of CHD.
Even Meryl Nass of CHD.
Even the Defender podcast hosted by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
featured, for an hour, Sasha the Fraud Latipova.
Even Epoch Times featured her as a thought leader.
You know, the equivalent of, like, Robert Malone and Steve Bannon and all these other thought leaders.
America is under attack and it is by a globally distributed group of scripted liars.
And one of the shittiest ones is this guy because he's a great sympathy getter.
He was really good at it, being like, I'm the one who gave up the most because I had to move to Cyprus to my third house.
And I've been living in Cyprus because I'm so... I have to walk on the street to make talks into microphones with CHD on them.
What a piece of shit you are, Mike.
I mean, really, you are one of the biggest pieces of shit on earth.
Research.
And a legal scholar called Catherine, with a K, Watts.
Catherine Watts, W-A-T-T.
They write on the sub stack, they have uncovered the fact that
The facts!
And they write on Substack because again, remember, he is a whore.
And so he is whoring for Substack and he is whoring for X. Because that's what they do.
They sell themselves, they sell their name, they allow their name to be used on social media, they allow their name and their image to be used on Substack and elsewhere because they are whores.
Whores on a script.
Mike Eden, you are a tragic, tragic man.
And I hope you live the rest of your life knowing that most earthlings, most humans, and any dog that will listen to my stream is gonna know how much of a piece of shit liar you are.
Vaccines have never been intended to reduce diseases or to help you.
They have always been what I have determined the Covid shots to be, which is materials that harm you and do you no good.
So think about how shitty that is!
How shitty of a statement that is.
He warmed this up, he got the camera ready, he decided what he was gonna do, and then he cut this, and this is the one.
Sasha Latupova, spell her name.
Catherine Watt, spell her name.
And now I think that, you know, all vaccines are what I determined the COVID shots to be.
Stuff that's not intended to save you.
Think about how ridiculous it is that right over there, right just over the edge of this screen, is a slide that says intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the 1800s.
And this guy can't say it.
He specifically will not say it.
Instead, he uses the word vaccine repeatedly.
And he says that the stuff in vaccines isn't that good.
Think about how much of a fuckwit this guy is for going along with this script.
And of course that's so horrifying that you think, oh my word, all of them?
Yep.
So all of them, all the way back to the 1800s when we were so stupid.
You see the problem here?
He's trying to make it seem like the government had this great big smart idea, and they were gonna control the population by injecting people with shit.
That's wrong.
Intramuscular injection started as a dumb idea, and at the time, that dumb idea stuck.
And it's stuck to this day.
And there may be very, very, very, very many people who are in place to make sure that it sticks.
But I'm afraid that this is one of them.
I'm afraid there's no other conclusion to come to.
Because I've already told him that intramuscular injection is dumb.
That's the way to say it.
A couple years ago.
You see the problem?
It's not that I want credit.
It's that I want somebody to actually score the touchdown.
But they won't do it.
They won't score the touchdown because he is a scripted player.
And he's trying desperately to get out of the spotlight and hand it off to these two frauds who I've been on to since the very beginning.
It could be that Catherine Watt is a well-intended legal scholar, but Sasha Latupov is a piece of shit.
And she's an abusive mom, and the evidence of her being an abusive mom, in my humble opinion, is found all over the internet in the shitty videos that she made with her little girl.
Sasha Latapova is such a piece of shit, that to think that this guy repeatedly, REPEATEDLY has promoted her.
that makes him one of the worst people on the internet.
And specifically a very anti-American person on the internet, which you can start to see a lot of these people actually are when they promote Sasha Latupova as like one of the best people with the real facts.
Stop lying!
I'm not saying they're all as dangerous as COVID jabs, but none of them were good.
And rather than trusting me going... They're not as dangerous as the COVID jabs.
Well, that's interesting.
Can you explain why?
I might tend to agree with that statement, but could you explain why, Mike?
Could you use any depth of understanding at all, or not really?
Read the work of Sasha Latipova and Catherine Watt, and then it's up to you to decide.
Oh, just read, let me say their names again, and then you just read their work, and then you decide what a fuck, what an absolute piece of shit you are, Mike.
like really don't don't even show your face in public i mean really you're just you're just the worst kind of man and a fraud because you're pretending to be telling everybody about digital id and about about whatever this and digital currency when you know you're just making an announcement you know that those two things are inevitable you know that
that digital ID to travel and digital ID to use the internet, at least on certain platforms, is inevitable.
You know that.
That's why it's a very safe bullshit whine for you to make for the last five years.
Start with natural immunity, talk about overlapping epitopes, and then pivot right away to, you know, it's going to cause the virus to be enriched.
And by the way, I want freedom.
I don't like digital currencies and digital IDs.
He's a scripted traitor.
It's just, it's just awful.
It's pathetic when you see it now.
We're in the middle of 2025.
There's no excuse for this bullshit other than him being their whore.
Okay, if you think that's wrong, that's fine.
But one thing Sasha and others discovered and they shared it with me before they even published it.
And as soon as they told me, I knew it was right.
Can you remember a time, those of you who are over 60, I'm nearly 65, can you remember a time when you were young, when very few people were allergic to peanuts?
Now, interesting that he brings up the peanut allergy, because again, remember, there was a book by Heather Fraser called The History of the Peanut Allergy, and this book was released originally in 2010, and then again in, wait, is it even earlier?
Maybe it's even earlier.
I have them all in the row here.
And then it got released in 2010.
And then seven years later, Skyhorse Publishing, the publishing arm of CHD, put out another one with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in the forward.
And so it's funny because, again, we're going to make this reference to a Nobel Prize winning
I'm gonna make this reference to a Nobel Prize winning finding which was actually not discovered by Sasha and Catherine Watt, but was discovered and put forward by somebody else that Sasha Latupova stepped in front of.
And that person is in contact with me.
I won't say their name right now, but if they want me to, I definitely will.
And so this is one of those things.
And again, what we're looking for is precision.
And what's coming now is a spectacular lack of precision.
Because remember, he said just a minute ago that the old shots might not be as bad as the new shots, but it's all the same.
And why is it all the same?
It's the same because of this.
Listen carefully.
Oops.
And very few people were allergic to anything.
You probably can, can't you?
Older folk like me.
What we discovered is that if you inject a person with a foreign protein like peanut oil, if you inject a person with tiny doses of that, especially if you do it two or three times, that person becomes fiercely allergic for life to peanuts.
Now, unfortunately for Mike, he's been given a shitty script and this shitty script doesn't have the history of that research.
But the interesting thing, as far as I can tell, the research that he's talking about was subcutaneous injections.
So once again, because his script is so shitty and because it's provided to him and he's required to trust it, he didn't do the requisite research to find out how this stuff was done that he's referring to, that he didn't even say the name of the guy yet.
But they were all injections in the skin.
which would sensitize these people to, and define what allergies were.
They weren't injections into the muscle, dumbass.
So once again, your script is shit, you're cooperating with anti-American traitors, and probably, essentially, you are a traitor to all the grandchildren of the West, all the grandchildren of Earth.
That's who you are, Mike Eden.
Congratulations.
I hope it's paying well.
Imagine if you were to inject a whey protein from milk in a tiny dose, so small that you probably wouldn't even notice it on the ingredients list.
And if you injected that into your child a couple of times, when they grew up... Can you hear the imprecision?
If you just inject, inject, inject, he's not talking with precision because he's trying to bamboozle you into believing that injection is injection is injection, but it's not.
There are cutaneous injections, subcutaneous injections, intravenous injections, and intramuscular injections.
And intramuscular injections are the dumb idea.
Intramuscular injections are the ones that they are using to get away with murder.
And all the other ones, I don't know what they do, but they don't have the potential that intramuscular injection has.
And that's the sad part.
And now, what he's trying to do is convince you that actually the mechanism by which, and this is the most egregious error,
in his script, the mechanism by which we are reacting to injection is the same across the board, whether it's the old stuff or the new stuff.
And again, this lack of precision is scripted bullshit.
And Mike Eden, you should really, you should really
Suffer the rest of your life public shame because of you sticking to this script America and American kids are never going to forget your treachery I can assure you of that because you will be in my high school curriculum
they might end up, not all of them, but many of them will grow up allergic to milk and milk products and anything that's got whey protein in it.
Imagine if they injected you with a beef protein that came from plasma, for example.
You often see that in products.
A tiny dose, a really tiny dose, so small it'll be off the bottom of the ingredients list, and you injected that person twice with it, they'll become intolerant to meat.
Unfortunately that is all true.
All of those ingredients have been found in at least one of the vaccines on the vaccine schedule in America and they're pretty much global products.
These diabolical people
Now remember, one of the things that this diabolical asshole has never said for five years is that he's aware that the vaccine schedule in America is very much different than the rest of the West.
In fact, so many of these mother effers have not said that, that it's got to be evidence for you by now, even if I'm just pointing it out for you occasionally.
How is it possible that Mary Holland never makes that comparison between, for example, the way a vaccine schedule expresses itself in Norway or Sweden or the Netherlands versus how it expresses itself in American hospitals and HMOs.
This kind of thing is such a low-hanging fruit for any of these people to pick off the tree and hit people in the heads with.
It's just remarkable that for literally a decade and a half, nobody's able to do it.
Stop lying!
Have included components in the jabs that your children have been given and you may have received that were designed to sensitize you to every single basic food item.
See, so now he's trying to say that they've had a plan where they've been trying to sensitize you to every single food item so that they don't have to... What?
What?
Now it's a diabolical plan where they've got a very carefully laid out objective where they're going to make everybody sensitive.
What in the nine hells is this person talking about?
Is this what Sasha Latipova and Catherine Watt taught him?
Holy shit.
you know, to wheat, to corn, to beef, to chicken, to milk.
That's why the number of people, I think like one in three people has some kind of allergy.
It's like, they didn't, when I was young, they didn't.
Sasha Latipova was born in USSR, and as she said in her fruity Russian, did they just say her name again and say she was born in Russia?
My God, what a joke.
What a joke.
I bet she was bored in Ukraine.
She said, when I was young, no one had allergies.
When she came to America, I think in the 80s, it was like, what again?
When she came to America, I think it was in the 80s.
Where did she come from?
Ukraine?
I don't know.
Where did she come from?
Ukraine?
I don't know.
And so she was probably perfectly poised to spot this, and so she discovered this.
Perfectly poised to spot this while she was running her daughter for Alex Jones and whatever bullshit show he's a part of.
Way to go, Mike.
Way to go.
You sold your soul.
You slimy piece of shit.
And she noticed that a scientist called, I think it was Charles Richet, something like that.
Ha!
She noticed!
Wow, what a fraud she is.
What a fraud she is.
We could expose this if we wanted to.
If you do research into when she started talking about Charles Richet, you will find a very, very big joke here because she's not the one who started talking about it.
It's somebody else.
who also has a substack, who's also trying to make a living, and who's also trying to say this, but it's not right.
It's not right, because Charles Ruscha's work was largely subcutaneous and cutaneous injections.
It wasn't intramuscular injections.
It was not intramuscular injections.
And so they are, they are obfuscating and confounding something that they don't need to do.
That's because they're scripted shitheads.
1902-1905, given a Nobel Prize for discovery of this mechanism, if you give tiny... I said Charles Richet, not Charles Rixey.
Careful.
... doses of foreign protein into a person, separated by two weeks,
they become violently and permanently allergic to that substance.
You know, even if you touch it on the skin or put it just in your mouth on your tongue.
See, the skin became sensitized because those were injections done in the skin.
Do you see, ladies and gentlemen, that's the problem.
That's the reason why they had to go to intramuscular injection.
because injections into the skin are painful.
Injections into the skin cause all kinds of reactions that don't go away.
And people aren't stupid when you inject them into the skin and they feel pain.
But if you inject them into the muscle and they don't feel anything until three weeks later, or maybe never, it's a slow onslaught.
And he's not saying that there's any difference.
He's just saying injection because he is scripted to be this shittily imprecise.
Mike Yeadon is a traitor to Earth's grandchildren.
Make no mistake about it.
If you eat it, you've got a worse than evens chance of having an allergic response to it.
These people have sensitized you, those of you who've been vaccinated, to large
amounts of the natural environment.
I mean, how diabolical is that?
And it's exactly the same mechanism as I called out in 2020.
It's the exact same mechanism that I called out in 2020.
And this is where again, he's going to be extremely imprecise because transfection is much worse than injecting a random combination of shit into your muscle.
It's actually much worse.
It's not the same at all.
It has potential to do much more catastrophic damage, including autoimmunity to your vessels, which can cause things like spontaneous, really ridiculous aneurysms, you know, like my friend Nathan Breen died of.
Fuck you, Mike Eden.
Seriously, fuck you, Mike Eden.
about the COVID jobs.
Remember I said that if you ask the human body to make a protein that doesn't belong in you, a non-self protein, a so-called spike protein, wherever it came from, I said if you do that, it will make you, your body will cause an autoimmune reaction or your body will then make foreign material, your immune system will say, what the hell is that?
And will attack it.
So it's like a failed organ transplant, it's autoimmunity.
That's what has happened through the whole history of vaccination.
No, that's not what's happened through the whole history of vaccination, because unlike previous iterations of this intramuscular injection nonsense, there was no expression of foreign protein.
There was injection of it, but not expression of it.
An expression of it causes the immune system not to be able to tell the difference between self-tissue and foreign proteins.
Self-tissues could start to present on MHC molecules the new protein that they're making from the transfection and that could cause catastrophic autoimmunity.
injecting a bunch of combination of shit into your arm is not going to cause auto-immunity by definition.
It could, but it's not going to do it the way that transfection could, and this scripted asshole is equating these two to make sure that everybody has a very imprecise, stupid simple version of this.
What a monster!
And back from the late 1700s to the present day,
No.
The intramuscular injection is from the late 1700s or 1800s and it's dumb.
This is a scripted bastard who has been scripted to attempt to step in front of us and then more importantly step out of the spotlight and put Catherine Watt and Sasha Lautapov there in front of him.
And this is evidence that he is one of the shittiest men on the planet.
I mean, he's competing with people like Robert Malone, and Kevin McKernan, and Nick Hudson, and Jonathan Engler.
It's a lot of competition.
He's even competing with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
at this point, because the worst part about it is, is that this guy is definitely capable of understanding the shitty lies that he's spitting.
Whereas I don't think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is.
I think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been a Truman show his whole life.
Not this asshole.
What Sasha Latupova got to say, I wonder.
You know, we're gonna watch just a brief clip, and then I'm gonna take a break, and we're gonna start with this again, which I promised we would watch yesterday, but we didn't get to watching it yet.
So let's just watch.
Let's see what Sasha Latupova's saying.
In the US law and in the internal presentations that I've disclosed from FDA,
FDA lawyers have written up the FDA.
Oh, it's it's the presentations from the FDA.
It's the FDA that's shitty.
That's weird.
I've heard that somewhere before that the FDA was in the way.
I've heard it.
Um, where did I hear that opinions?
It's very, very clear.
Clinical trials have never had any impact on FDA's decision to deploy these products.
And also, to date, all the courts have adjudicated this statement that I just made.
All the courts have agreed with me that clinical trials have never had any material impact on FDA's decision to deploy these products or government's decision to deploy these products.
Because as I said, they're irrelevant.
And the pharma companies can do whatever studies they want to do.
Technically, what Pfizer and Moderna did were illegal human experiments.
But, you know, they had no impact on the decision to deploy these things.
They were going on the market no matter what.
Does it mean that the current mRNA COVID shots are still under EUA?
Yes, absolutely.
Why is that such a big deal?
Why?
Why is that some kind of revelation?
We know that.
We've been saying that for a very, very long time.
But what's really impressive is, of course, that the use of PCR as a diagnostic is not under any scrutiny here.
The use of sequencing as a high-fidelity measurement is not under any scrutiny here.
The use of recombinant DNA techniques to produce the RNA is not under scrutiny here.
We are trying to make it seem as though that you have no hope that the entire vaccine schedule since the early 1700s was designed to depopulate the earth.
That now they're invoking some kind of kill box, right?
And it's a military operation that you can't escape.
That's what, because it's a kill box.
Does that make all of the DOD and all of our military members complicit in this?
What kind of bullshit are they saying here?
They're saying scripted bullshit.
It's bullshit that's scripted by Robert Malone.
Sasha Latupova is one of the worst women on the planet.
She ranks up there with Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and Pauly Tommy.
It's gross.
It's absolutely gross.
Yeah.
As I said, until the PRAP Act declaration is revoked by HHS Secretary or by President or by Congress, these things remain EUA because you cannot switch from a non-investigational to investigational without going back and now doing the
proper clinical trials for investigational product collection.
Exactly.
Which would take years in all likelihood, right?
They would take a long time.
And so she can't explain that the use of placebo allows the FDA to say that millions of doses were given and we don't have a signal?
She's not able to explain that that would have been done if this was a government, military, organized coup, designed to get everybody on board, to get maximum compliance.
Do you see how shitty this show is?
How much of a loser this person is?
A scripted fraud.
First of all, it would take years if you were going to do it, but actually you can't even do it anymore because there's extensive evidence that these are poisons and killing people.
And you can't classically involve people in testing poison.
These are poisons.
So she too is unable to say that they're transfection, an old technology renamed as a vaccine.
Mike Yeadon can't say that these are old technologies that we were using when I was a pharma exec.
and that they're being renamed.
Kevin McKernan can't say the transfection is being renamed, even though the first time he used transfection in the lab was in 1998 in Sabatini's lab.
Huh, it's so strange that none of these people seem to be able to say that this is old technology being recycled, even when they're trying to speak out now, six years later.
That's how much of a piece of shit fraud this woman is.
It's gross.
Non-poison.
Okay, so that's why you can't actually do it anymore.
Can't do what?
Can't do the trials?
I mean, come on.
Are we really seriously talking about whether Marty and Vinay can do anything to help us?
This is a piece of shit, scripted fraud.
I really, really dislike Sasha Latupova.
My God.
She's gotta be, if she has an American passport, she is very close to being one of the shittiest Americans alive.
Wow.
I mean, really, wow.
Just remarkable.
Remarkable.
you
Peace.
I still feel obligated to tell you this story of the first year or so of my friendship with Nathan.
Nathan is down here.
He is a friend of mine from college who I met at DePaul University in Chicago in 92, I think.
And I was his calculus
like TA and also his wife's calculus TA.
He met his wife in that calculus class.
And I was privileged to that whole courting and everything.
And certainly I was at their wedding.
And I love his wife very much as a friend who goes all the way back to know me better than anyone could know me, really.
Because she knew me when I was a kid in college, when I met him.
And in the first year of knowing Nathan, we were going to a lot of live music because I had just discovered music as an 18-year-old kid.
I was in marching band in high school, but the extent to which I appreciated music really
was like U2 because I worked with a lifeguard during high school that liked, excuse me, that liked U2.
And so I listened to the radio and I had a U2 album and I had 1984, the Van Halen album, and that was really it.
I just didn't listen to a lot of music.
And Nathan is a guitar player and he, you know, I went out, I listened to music with him and it changed me.
And one of the things that I can tell you about that song is that the Freddie Jones band is a Chicago band, and they used to play at a bar called the Cubby Bear, which is on the corner of Addison and... I want to say it's Clark and Addison, but I'm not absolutely sure it's Clark and Addison.
I think it is.
But it's across the street from Wrigley Field, where the Cubs play, and...
We used to take the L up there and they used to have this thing on Thursday nights, which was called B cubed.
And that meant beer, band and burgers.
That's unlimited beer, unlimited burgers.
I mean, it's not like they were like Wagyu burgers, but unlimited burgers and unlimited beer and a band for five US dollars.
Chicago, Illinois.
And so I think you can imagine if you could see the Freddie Jones band play in a daydream for $5 holding a pitcher of your own beer, you would be pretty close to perfect.
And that's the kind of memories that I have with that guy who was taken from me because these assholes
misled me and confused me long enough that I could not save my friend.
That I was making a fool of myself for a couple years about a lab leak.
And that's why I couldn't save him or his family from being transfected.
I don't know how healthy his daughters and wife will remain behind.
I don't know enough anymore because I've lost so much contact with so many people.
But I do know that these people are scripted liars.
And I do know that there are very few people on the internet that you're gonna hear this truth from.
And that's by design.
It's been a long, strange trip getting here.
I want to play a little more of this video that I was watching the other day with you.
And then I think we're going to give it up.
But I'm going to play it separately so that I can put it a little bit faster.
And I'm going to start by listening to the Dell BigTree opening.
And remember that Dell BigTree says things like, we kill kids every year with the vaccine schedule.
And he doesn't say that anymore because this is 2017.
And this is when Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn are still alive.
And this is standing in front of Tony Bark in 2017.
So let me just move this over there.
I don't know why my mouse is so like... The resolution is so low all of a sudden.
I don't... What I did there...
Oh yeah, sorry, I gotta move this speed up a little bit because this is brutal.
We might not speed up Brandy, I mean Tony, but we'll speed up everybody else.
And then I'm gonna go full screen and then I'm gonna put myself low.
And then I'm gonna speed this up a little bit.
You can see Brandy, I mean, sorry, Tony is sitting right here in the front and right next to her is Judy Mikovits.
Here is Thomas, Paul Thomas.
That's the doctor that had the alternative vaccine schedule and indeed was stumping for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
before the first Trump administration.
So don't forget that.
Here we go.
I think it's gonna start soon.
Let me just scan a bit.
Good morning, everyone.
Thank you for joining us today for Doctors for Accountability.
Now remember that this guy, if you play it at regular speed like we did yesterday in the second half, this guy sounds like he got some really good indica right before he came up on stage.
He speaks slower, and maybe I should do it again, and then I'll speed it up with the other ones.
Maybe I should just do it again to make that impression so you can really see it for what it is.
Maybe I double click on this, it becomes number one again.
And then video full screen.
Medicine and media.
My name is Del Bigtree.
My background, I was a producer on the Emmy Award winning television show, The Doctors.
For six years, I spent my career celebrating the best that medicine has to offer, the best science, the best doctors, cutting edge techniques, new surgeries.
I'm a fan of great doctors and great medicine.
While working on that show, I stumbled upon the story of Dr. William Thompson, the whistleblower from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, that came forward in the fall of 2014 to let us know that the CDC had been corrupted.
and that they were committing scientific fraud on their vaccine studies, specifically the MMR vaccine, the measles, mumps, rubella vaccine, and its causal relationship to autism.
I made a movie about that, produced it, called Vaxxed.
Actually, tomorrow will be the one-year anniversary of the first premiere of Vaxxed.
That began a journey for me, as I think many of the people you're about to hear from today, that takes you out of what you believe was the foundation and truth in science and specifically to vaccine research and testing.
Once you start asking the appropriate questions about the vaccine program in this nation and the one that really is promoted all around the world, you begin a journey that takes you to some very scary realities.
These people here today represent some of the people that I've studied and investigated and interviewed for some of my research and the work that I'm doing.
They only represent a handful of the many, many doctors across this nation and the world that are standing up now
and asking for real accountability in vaccine safety, research, testing, and the promotion of future vaccines and those we're using on our children.
Sorry, when I'm using it, I try to stop it a different way.
Keep in mind that he is not saying we need to stop the vaccine schedule.
He's not saying anything remotely like that.
He wants accountability, right?
That's the important thing to hear here.
Let them do the talking today.
Because we live in a nation right now that wants to say the science is settled around vaccines.
What that means is we're done.
We're saying that we accept a vaccine program that this year will murder children.
That's a fact.
There will be children who will lose their lives this year to the vaccine program.
They would have had an otherwise totally normal life, could have gone on to become president of the United States.
If you want to defend him, if you want to defend Dell, you got to find video of him after 2021 saying something like this, because they won't find it.
There is no video of Dell.
saying that kids are killed and paralyzed and injured every year by a vaccine schedule because we accept it.
He said it now because he's in the same room as the hero, Tony Bark, who they ended up killing in 2020, just like Brandy Vaughn, in order to stand in front of her.
They will not be here because of this vaccine program.
Other children will suffer paralysis,
Some will have their brains damaged permanently for life.
And recently, I've been asking this question of some fairly high up officials.
And what I say is, how is that?
Why didn't Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
open with that at some point in Congress, right?
Because they're on a shitty script.
And so is he.
That's where we're settled.
And they say, well, science has determined that that's an acceptable casualty.
We have an accepted casualty in order to reach herd immunity in the United States of America.
Herd immunity, herd immunity.
See, the enchantment and the script goes back to 2017.
And I'm afraid that this guy, in his slow motion way at the time, knows
that what he's doing.
He knows that the Vaxxed movie was made to step in front of Brandy and Tony.
He knows that that movie was made because it was setting up a movement that would be a health freedom movement that would build a big top tent of health freedom and that would use Pauly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield as a slow motion titration to a goal
which was the inversion of our sovereignty to experimental animal status.
This man is a traitor to all of Earth's grandchildren.
And so I follow that question with my, or that statement with my own question, which is, please tell me how many children exactly are going to die this year from our vaccine program.
Could you please tell me exactly how many children's minds will be ruined for their lives or be paralyzed?
And the answer you get from the mainstream medical community is we don't have the data on that.
So how do we have an acceptable casualty if we don't know what number we're accepting?
I think that's the beginning of the first question anybody should be asking right now.
So when we live in a nation that says that vaccines are safe and effective, which actually flies in the face of the highest court in the land, right here in this town, the Supreme Court,
which ruled in 2011 made the official statement vaccines are unavoidably unsafe.
I would like to know how the medical community stands in direct opposition to that statement made by the highest court in the land and repeats constantly vaccines are safe and effective.
That duality inside this nation
between our medical establishment and the highest court in the land should be the beginning of a question that allows us to have true conversation, open conversation.
So the conversation should be between the highest court in the land and what again?
It has something to do with what again?
It's not to do with the fundamental biology of injection, being dumb, like Brandy Vaughn says.
Like even at some point, Suzanne Humphries could say, but not really because she just said that she doesn't think there can be a safe vaccine.
She is also not sophisticated enough or so thoroughly scripted that she cannot make enough progress to get to the goal line, which is intramuscular injection is just dumb.
And instead, they carefully and very scriptedly use the word vaccine over and over and over again.
Del Bigtree is a scripted fraud and a traitor to our grandchildren.
...about the science of vaccines.
If we cannot question science, then it is no longer science.
It has become a religion.
And much of the way this situation is addressed, this medicine is addressed, this vaccine program is addressed, is like a religion.
If you question it, you are a heretic.
If you question why there's a duality between the Supreme Court and the medical establishment, you're a heretic.
The Supreme Court and the medical establishment, if you question that, if you ask that stupid question, you're a heretic.
You see, this is just bullshit.
There's no possible way this is real.
This is a scripted traitor.
Greatest nation in the world.
We have the greatest scientists in the world.
And I don't believe we should say the science is settled when lives will be destroyed by a program.
We can do better.
We must do better.
And for any scientist that wants to say they have settled at a place where innocent children's lives will be destroyed, I say please step out of the way and let the future scientists come in and figure out a way to create immunity in our children, health in our children.
that is safe and effective for every single child in this nation.
Aha!
So, Del Bigtree seems to believe that there is a reason and a necessity to have a public health system which creates immunity in our kids.
He just wants it to be safe.
Stop lying!
Wow.
I mean, there you go, right there.
He's an absolute scripted piece of shit.
He's absolutely a traitor to our grandkids.
And around the world.
And until we have achieved that.
Achieved what?
We must never, ever say.
Scientists say they have settled at a place where innocent children's lives will be destroyed.
I say, please step out of the way and let the future scientists come in and figure out a way to create immunity in our children, health in our children,
that is safe and effective for every single child in this nation and around the world.
And until we have achieved that, we must never, ever say we have settled, or we are no longer the greatest nation in the world, we are no longer the greatest scientists in the world, and we no longer have the greatest medical practice.
I think what you need to hear here is that the script is very shitty right now.
The script is still being developed.
This is a setup.
This is part of the long con.
And the establishment, the establishing rather, of this very shitty health freedom movement that's very amorphous and all about mandates and freedom of speech
This is the same year that Bret Weinstein is gonna come out and get a half a million dollar settlement and then be able to go on to the Senate and cry about it the year later.
It's all the same frickin' theater.
Steve Bannon, RFK, Tony Lyons, same bullshit, fake conservative health freedom movement.
Mother Sucker!
are going to move us into the direction.
Can you hear the votes being tallied?
Can you hear the votes?
It's just like Pauly Tommy on billboards getting six million votes for prime minister to make autism more aware of some shit.
It's the same thing.
You can hear the votes.
You can hear them coming in.
That we need to go, which is open dialogue, scientific research, and getting back to the principles of true safety medical testing.
So it's an honor to be up here with these folks.
We'll have a question and answer period after every one of them speaks.
And I also want to let you know, if you're with the press, beyond the people that you'll hear speak, we also have available to us today Catherine and Patrick Layton, who have gone through the issue of dealing with injured children themselves, and Mary Jo de Guzman and Jose Ramirez.
child within the last year or two of vaccine injury.
Let us commence.
To start out with today, I would like to introduce really a pioneer in pediatrics in many ways.
Dr. Paul Thomas received his MD from Dartmouth Medical School and completed his pediatric residency at the University of California, San Diego.
He is a board-certified fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics, board-certified in integrative and holistic medicine, and a diplomat of the American Board of Addiction Medicine.
He taught residents and medical students from 1988 to
is a diplomat of the board of addiction medicine is I think what he just said there I'm gonna go back a little bit but that would also be a very damning place for this asshole to be given the opioid crisis holy shit really a pioneer in pediatrics in many ways
Dr. Paul Thomas received his MD from Dartmouth Medical School and completed his pediatric residency at the University of California, San Diego.
He is a board-certified fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics, board-certified in integrative and holistic medicine, and a diplomat of the American Board of Addiction Medicine.
He taught residents and medical students from 1988 to 1993, practiced at Westside Pediatrics from 1993 to 2008, and opened his own practice in 2008, Integrative Pediatrics, where he currently... I'm sorry, but I guess we gotta really listen to it at regular speed in order to catch it.
So I'm gonna get it off of this.
Ooh, it's 1-7.
And I just want to hear it again, because I really want to know if that's what he said.
...serves over 13,000 at the University of California, San Diego.
He is a board-certified fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics, board-certified in integrative and holistic medicine, and a diplomat of the American Board of Addiction Medicine.
He taught residents... Holy shit!
He really said it!
Holy shit!
He's on the board that should have known that the opioid crisis was happening, that it was causing a decrease in life expectancy and that it was being ignored for the last six years.
Paul Thomas should have been saying that it was being ignored because he was on the fricking board.
Pediatrics and addiction medicine.
What kind of bullshitter is he?
He's got the alternative vaccine schedule too, you know, the, the alternative vaccine schedule, the holy shit.
Sorry.
I got to speed it up.
I I'm never going to get done if we'd go at normal speed.
Try not to be so bad.
Mike's getting a little bit uneasy here.
From 1988 to 1993, practiced at Westside Pediatrics from 1993 to 2008, and opened his own practice in 2008, Integrative Pediatrics, where he currently serves over 13,000 patients in the Portland, Oregon metro area.
He's a founding director of PIC, which is Physicians for Informed Consent, a fantastic new group that's just come forward in the last several months.
And he's co-chair for the Oregonians for Medical Freedom.
He's the co-author with Jennifer Margulis of the vaccine-friendly plan, Dr. Paul's Safe and Effective Approach to Immunity and Health, from Pregnancy through Your Child's Teen Years, which is forthcoming from Valentine.
More than 260,000 people are subscribed to Dr. Paul's YouTube channel and or follow him on Facebook.
Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Paul Thomas.
Thank you, Del.
I went to Dartmouth back in the early 80s, and all I recall being taught about vaccines was
They were miraculous.
We eradicated smallpox, polio, and followed the CDC schedule.
And for most of my career, the CDC and the Academy of Pediatrics seemed to be in the same closed-door room making the schedule that was then released each year, and we just simply followed it.
What I found was, after I got into practice, well, let me take you back to residency, because this is important.
Doctors are trained to really believe that vaccines are one of the most important things we can do.
And so we are really indoctrinated with that belief.
And when I was in residency, I actually witnessed the introduction of the Hib vaccine.
And at that time, we used to put needles into babies' spines to rule out meningitis several times a night.
And I could do it with my eyes closed.
There was so much meningitis.
And literally, after that vaccine was introduced in the mid, it was about 1987, I experienced a drop in meningitis.
And the data did show that.
So I'm a believer.
I mean, I go into the world.
I'm going to make a difference.
and vaccines was the way I was going to do it.
Sadly... So interesting he's already arguing that some vaccines work and he's seen the evidence for it in his practice which is an extraordinary thing to say and definitely not, sorry, not definitely not anti-vax.
Children are not doing very well today and I think the bloated vaccine schedule is part of the problem.
I want to fast forward to November of 2007
The bloated vaccine schedule is part of the problem.
Stop lying!
Wow, that's impressive already.
I'm not really sure why that froze for a second.
I'm going to try it again.
There we go.
you would think that was a coincidence.
But this- He's, again, remember, listen to this, the enchantment very carefully.
He just threw out there that he couldn't make contact with him.
This kid was totally autistic.
So without any specifics, even though it's a spectrum disorder, without any specifics about what happened, you know, was there any head banging?
Was he having, you know, a turbo diarrhea?
Any of these things, like so,
unclear exactly what's happening because, again, it's an enchantment.
It is a scripted enchantment.
You've just been told to accept that some vaccines work.
You've just been told that an overload of vaccines might be the problem.
And you've just been told, what?
that some kid is autistic because, you know, he couldn't make contact with him.
Wow.
This was the fourth case in four years in my practice alone.
I didn't have a huge practice back then.
I had probably a couple thousand kids.
I was a very busy pediatrician getting about 100 newborns per year, way more than most pediatricians got.
So I was seeing severe autism in one out of 100 at that time.
I already knew too much.
It was not
logical to be injecting a huge dose of aluminum with the hepatitis B vaccine to newborns who don't need it.
Oh, it's a huge dose of aluminum now.
And he was seeing it in lots of people in his, in his practice, but he doesn't, he's not very precise.
Is it the hep B vaccine?
Because the guy that was up here before you said that there's some guy from the CDC who's whistleblowing on the MMR shot.
You know, like Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy were whistleblowing on the MMR shot.
What's going on here?
In fact, to this day, I haven't had a single mom in my practice, 30 years of practicing pediatrics who needed that vaccine.
So that routine vaccine is just totally illogical.
It doesn't make any scientific sense.
What does that mean?
What does it mean that it doesn't make any scientific sense?
Because the moms don't have Hep B?
Do you see how much of a piece of shit this is?
43% have chronic diseases now.
And the biggest things are autism, ADD, ADHD, anxiety, asthma, the allergies, autoimmune things are exploding.
I left my group practice and started integrative pediatrics.
And I decided to implement what we should all be doing, and that's informed consent.
Now, the problem is when you go see a doctor today, you're only being formed to the knowledge of that doctor.
And sadly, most of our doctors, as Del pointed out, feel that vaccines are safe and effective, end of story.
So that's the amount of information you're going to get.
And so those of you who are parents who are watching this, you need to inform yourselves, because chances are you may not get adequate information from your doctors.
So what do we need to inform ourselves about, you see?
How intramuscular injection is just dumb?
Nope, not at all.
The vaccine-friendly plan!
There he is.
Thank you very much.
He is a fraud.
To outline that experience and to give parents a guide that was different than the CDC guidelines.
But basically this was no vaccines during pregnancy.
No hep B at birth.
You don't need the rotavirus vaccine.
It's a live virus vaccine that is making kids sicker than not.
I have the data from my practice that unvaccinated for rotavirus have much less vomiting, diarrhea, gastroenteritis, the whole thing you're trying to prevent with that vaccine.
No Hep A vaccines.
You know, I have not seen a single case of Hepatitis A in my career.
A busy pediatrician for 30 years.
Why is that?
I live on the West Coast where there's supposed to be a ton of Hep A. Well, for children, it's a mild illness.
We probably write it off as a cold or the flu.
It's no big deal.
And we wait on the MMR till... So again, we're asking people to wait.
We're telling people not to take as many shots or not take shots that they're in no danger of.
It's all dumb questions.
All dumb questions that assume that there are sometimes right answers and sometimes wrong answers.
instead of just saying that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the 1800s.
After age three, that was a fortuitous choice I happened to make.
Just got feeling that that vaccine was problematic being given early.
Wait on the chicken pox till school age.
And if you have any family history of autism, autoimmune disorders, severe neurological disorders, seizures, developmental delays, don't do any vaccines.
The other thing I should clarify is that if you start to see any of those things, stop.
That child is giving you an indication that this isn't going well.
And that's something that's overlooked.
And so this is part of the narrative that James Lyons Wyler also says that some kids might not be affected by the vaccine.
So if you see an effect, you should stop.
Otherwise you can keep going.
If you see an effect, you should stop because that kid might have a genetic vulnerability.
But if you don't see an effect, you can keep going.
Stop lying.
So what did we find?
I got an IRB and we closed the data set in February of 2015.
And we found that in over a thousand kids vaccinated with the vaccine friendly approach, there were no new cases of autism or autism spectrum.
We had 238 kids who did no vaccines.
They were the healthiest by far.
The data sets, I hope to get published in the near future.
In so many parameters, the unvaccinated kids were by far the healthiest.
And in the- And so why not just jump to that crazy conclusion that vaccines hurt kids and make them less safe?
less healthy.
Why not jump to that conclusion and then start to do research on it and try to figure out why it is that this is happening.
Why it is that we think this instead of just saying the bullshit that he's saying and still says today.
Toby Rogers is from the Brownstone Institute.
Fuck Toby Rogers.
I've been trying to communicate with him for six months and now he totally lost his mind and blocked me on X. Fuck Toby Rogers.
The statistical significance of this, for those of you who are scientists, I know I'm not supposed to get scientific here, but it was a p-value of .00001.
I mean, I haven't read a study in the scientific journals with that kind of significance.
The chance of these findings being by coincidence is 1 in 100,000.
It's just not going to happen.
So I want to talk about a couple pet peeves of mine.
One is pregnancy.
I meet moms and dads and couples for prenatal visits and usually it's too late.
They have already been to their OBGYN and they've already been vaccinated with a flu shot and a Tdap.
They're trying to prevent pertussis.
I get the idea.
It's a good idea to try to prevent pertussis.
Do you know that Toby Rogers actually worked for CHD and claims that he was fired by Mary Holland for trying to organize a political action committee behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.? ?
That's him.
He thinks that Laura Bono and that other lady, Lynn Redwood, are crazy people.
But Mary Holland just fired him for some... He's a brownstone piece of shit liar.
really toby is a fraud he's been on brett weinstein like a month ago toby rogers was on brett weinstein's show toby rogers is a scripted piece of shit fraud but we lose about five babies a year in the united states to pertussis in the infant period out of four million births so we are injecting a toxic dose of aluminum every pregnancy in america to prevent five cases of death in neonates now
We don't even know if giving it at birth, I mean while you're pregnant, is making it... It's weird, right?
Because the flip side of this is that Mike Yeadon is saying that it's the foreign proteins that we're being sensitized to.
It's the food that we're being sensitized to by these injections.
And they've been doing it from the very beginning, whereas this guy is telling us it's not that way at all.
It's something different.
It's the aluminum, not the protein.
So it's aluminum, it's mercury, but I'm not anti-fish if I'm anti-mercury.
It's the aluminum, it's the MMR, it's the black kids, it's the lion, it's the frickin bullshit show.
None of them look at long-term developmental consequences.
None of them are looking at anything that matters as far as brain development.
The flu shot.
We have studies showing that it's causing problems.
Gestational diabetes, eclampsia.
And the study just published in JAMA this January, Journal of the American Medical Association.
If you read the news quotes, it says, flu shot safe.
But go read the article.
If you get the flu shot in the first trimester, you have an increased risk of autism in your infant.
And we know the mechanisms of this.
It's maternal activation.
You cannot activate mom's immune system while that brain is developing and not cause problems, whether it's through natural infection or vaccination.
So what an remarkable thing to say that you can't activate the mom's immune system without inflaming the baby's brain.
So he doesn't really say that vaccination of pregnant people is hurting kids.
He just says that he's seen it sometimes, but I'm not smart enough to know and draw any conclusions.
I mean, it has been really bad for pregnancy to hit somebody in the stomach with a baseball bat in the ninth month, but you know, I'm not sure that it's bad.
I just know that sometimes when you do it, those babies are sometimes born shitty.
So I don't know how to draw any conclusions about this, but I know we need to do the studies and I know we need to get Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in as close to the White House as possible so that we can do this research and figure this out.
We have plenty of studies now that explain the mechanism of maternal... Remember that one of the things that Dell said about this guy is that this guy's got a really influential YouTube channel.
activation of the immune system.
My next pet peeve is hepatitis B for newborns.
Every day in America, moms are signing in to have their babies in the hospital, not realizing that that signature is giving the hospital permission to do routine care.
And routine care in America is the moment that baby's born, and you have just a few minutes of skin time, hopefully, with mom and baby.
The nurses take that baby over, dry him off, and stab him with hepatitis B. And less than 1 1,000 of the moms have hepatitis B in this country.
So that means 999 of 1,000 babies are getting this toxic dose of aluminum for no good reason.
Again, he repeats toxic dose of aluminum.
You see, they're all on a separate stupid script.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
says he's against mercury because that's what the ladies were in.
And since the ladies said there was mercury in the shots, that's why he got involved in the first place.
This guy says it's aluminum.
Peter McCullough says it's neither aluminum nor mercury because he knows the neurological signs of those, and that's not autism.
This bullshit show will never stop until every one of these people is publicly shamed for the rest of their frickin' fraudulent lives.
Those of you who aren't aware, hepatitis B is a sexually transmitted disease.
You catch it from sex and IV drug use.
I kid around the hospitals that I round in, you know, how many of your babies are having sex?
Because the ones in my practice, they're not doing that.
They're not even sharing dirty needles yet.
I mean, the risk is zero, absolutely zero.
I sleep like a baby every night making the recommendation not to give the hepatitis B to newborns who don't need it.
And almost every newborn in this country does not need that.
Make matters worse, the hepatitis B series being given as infants is not giving lasting protection.
So when they do need the protection when they're teenagers, they won't have it.
Every single hepatitis B on the market has a ton of aluminum.
I'm going to get slightly technical for you on the aluminum issue because this is important.
We know that neurological problems, developmental delays, autism, all the horrible things we're seeing in our kids is due to toxins.
It's toxins, toxins, toxins.
The first chapter in my book deals with this.
But the aluminum issue is especially problematic.
The toxins, toxins, toxins.
I would like to point it out and Mark Kulak is pointing it out too.
I think it's very legit to point it out.
As far as I know, when I was growing up, there was a guy who ate a bicycle piece by piece.
I've also heard the story of a guy who, over the course of his lifetime, basically consumed an entire airplane.
Although, one of those might be misconstrued as the other.
I don't know.
Ripley's Believe It or Not told me one of those things, but it's true.
It's in the Guinness Book of World Records that you can still check out from your local library.
You can eat a lot of aluminum.
I mean, like, a lot.
but they're talking about injecting it.
And so right away in 2017, in the presence of Tony Bark, these frauds are on a fraudulent script that probably is very confusing for Tony.
Probably extremely confusing for Tony because she's like, why in the hell are these people talking like this?
Why don't they just say it?
And it makes it harder for her to say it.
It makes it harder for Brandy to say it, even though at some point in 2016, Brandy was already saying, the big thing you need to think about is the difference between ingestion and injection.
Which this MD dipshit has still not been able to say.
I mean, now, all the way in 2025, six years after they murdered Brandy and Tony.
The FDA has said not to exceed five micrograms per kilogram per day.
That's dissolved aluminum.
We learned this from the studies from preemies who were getting hyperal.
They would inject the feeding right into their veins because they couldn't eat and figured out that, oh my goodness, when they were getting more than five micrograms per kilogram per day, they were losing developmental milestones.
I mean, it was quite significant.
So the FDA had this guideline, don't exceed five micrograms per kilogram per day.
The Hepatitis B has 250 micrograms, but that's not all dissolved.
So the vaccine,
proponents who want to say that aluminum is safe.
See, so the whole point is is that he's giving you a whole list of questions that don't matter at all if intramuscular injection is just dumb.
None of these questions matter, none of these nuances, none of these details give- it matters at all if intramuscular injection is just dumb.
Fuck Paul Thomas.
Seriously, that's where we're at.
He has a book with Skyhorse Publishing.
Fuck Brian Hooker.
You are a liar, Brian, and you are a piece of shit.
I'm going to briefly get technical for you on this chart.
It's the only one I think I'll go over in detail.
On this axis is the body burden of aluminum accumulating in the body.
And this is the child's age for the first year of life.
And based on one study that showed it was safe to give 26 milligrams per kilogram per day of dissolved aluminum, they made these curves.
So they're saying you can have that much aluminum in your body.
If you exceed that, you're going to have problems with development.
But the issue is they ignored studies that show that you have problems with as low as 3.4 milligrams per kilogram per day.
So when you redraw those lines, this is what happens every time you do aluminum vaccines.
You can see that you are now exceeding.
This is just the dissolved component of aluminum from what you get from your mother, what you get from your food, and what you get from your vaccines, these little blips.
The entire first year of life, our infants in this country,
Remember that, of course, Sasha Latupova and Mike Yeadon are supposedly telling us that it's not the aluminum and the mercury, it's all the different, you know, proteins for food and stuff that the, for years and years and years, they've made us allergic to everything.
That's actually what Mike frickin' Yeadon just said, and cited Sasha Latupova three times, including one time, spelling her traitorous piece of shit name.
He even was scripted to say that she was born in Russia, even though she frickin' emigrated from you fuckin' crane.
And took money from Democrats, voted for Hillary Clinton, started a company using data from American University in Rochester, New York, and then sold that piece-of-shit testing company to fucking Pfizer, just like frickin' Mike Yeadon did.
Gosh, they belong in jail.
Gosh, they deserve the hardest fruit to be thrown at them while they are in public.
They deserve rotten vegetables.
They deserve rotten roadkill thrown at them and dog shit and paper bags.
Are in a level of toxic exposure for aluminum.
The biological half-life of the injected aluminum is seven years.
And we give 10 vaccines that have aluminum in the first year of life, infants.
10 different vaccines.
Now here's what people don't understand, and this is critical.
The aluminum in vaccines is little tiny pieces of metal.
They don't dissolve.
They're called nanoparticles.
They're small enough to be in solution, but they're too big to dissolve.
So very little of the aluminum actually dissolves into solution.
It goes into the muscle.
And those of us who give vaccines, we see this every day.
Redness, swelling, big reactions.
What is going on?
The body's immune system is saying, whoa, there's this foreign metal that has no biological function in the body.
Aluminum is not used for anything.
So our white blood cells, like Pac-Man, gobble up the aluminum.
And white blood cells can do what?
They can move through the body.
So this is the way we transport aluminum to the bone, kidneys, and what?
Brain.
White blood cells only live two, three months.
So they die, and they release what?
Those nanoparticles of aluminum.
It's a Trojan horse that takes the aluminum right to the brain.
And that's what that graph over there.
Macrophage is transporting aluminum to the brain.
And I think that that's absolutely wrong.
I think that that's so wrong.
I think that's a scripted lie.
I will tell you why, because I don't think immunological cells are allowed to cross the blood-brain barrier.
Could be wrong, but I think that this is scripted bullshit.
Macrophages are not taking the aluminum up to the brain.
That's bullshit.
But what might be happening is that some form of leaky endothelium is being created by the aluminum.
being created by the immune reaction from the other things that are being put in there.
I don't know exactly, but this idea that the aluminum is being transported to the brain by macrophages, I'm not buying that one.
I'm not buying that one at all.
And I think that this is a way for them to tell a limited spectrum of debate story about how they know the mechanism.
And so all they need to do is get the fucking aluminum out and then these things would be fine.
Doesn't it sound like that's what dipshit Paul Thomas has been saying for the last 15 minutes?
That the aluminum, the aluminum, the aluminum, just kind of like the way that Mike Eden said Sasha, Sasha, Sasha, scripted pieces of shit.
of 13,000 patients, 300 kids with autism.
Just this last week, I had a new family join my practice, 11-year-old twins, and they were severely autistic, barely verbal.
And I said, well, tell me the story.
Perfectly healthy, happy, interactive, starting to talk, 15-month-olds, got the MMR, regressed into autism.
I have heard that story at least 200 times.
I think this is also a lie.
Twins
Getting the MMR and regressing into autism is actually probably a lie.
And you know why it's a lie?
Because that's a lie that leads right to the envenomental and genetic causes of autism.
And since they're twins, it must be fucking genetic!
Fuck you, Paul Thomas!
You lying piece of shit!
Contrast that to the Vaxxed movie where a mom has two kids, one that's an exceptional girl and one that's an autistic son, a black kid.
What a monster this guy is.
You know, once or twice you can say it's a coincidence.
A hundred times, come on, something's going on.
Well, aluminum is not in the MMR.
So you're saying what's going on there?
Well, the MMR vaccine activates a protein, the MCP1 protein, and it basically moves aluminum around.
And it's like pouring gasoline on the fire.
So remember, we've transported the aluminum to the brain and then you get that MMR shot.
And I think this is a big explanation.
Oh my shit.
He's telling you that the MMR activates some protein that we're never going to talk about again and moves the fricking aluminum around.
I did not expect this to happen.
But I'm enraged.
Because this is absolutely scripted bullshit.
It is scripted, scripted, scripted frickin' bullshit.
And if I could sit down and talk to this guy, I could make him look like such a scripted liar by asking him very simple questions that would reveal his incredible lack of understanding of the script he's on.
He has no idea the kind of thin ice that they have put him on, and he's been on this thin ice until right now, when we break it.
Paul Thomas is a frickin' traitor to America's grandkids and to grandkids all around the frickin' world.
He's as bad as Mary Holland, he's as bad as Robert F. Kennedy Jr., except he should have professionally fuckin' known better.
And in fact, he probably does.
for why we see so many kids regressing after that particular vaccine.
We're sort of loading the gun with all the aluminum, and then we're pulling the trigger with the MMR.
It's really important to understand that brain development, I've got a little graph up there on synaptogenesis, it is exploding from birth through the entire early childhood.
The synapses are forming, the connections are being made, there's synaptic pruning, and the myelination, the covering of those nerves, is happening as the child grows.
So it is a critical time not to be messing around with our immune system and adding a boatload of toxins.
Now one of the most important...
interesting, imprecise thing to say.
There's all this synapse formation and then he casually throws in pruning.
I mean, I can't even begin to say how frustrating it is to hear somebody bullshit script their way through any level of neurobiology at all.
Anytime anybody brings up the brain and I realize they are reading a script, I get vomitous, like really nauseated.
And this is a guy who just read something and he has no fucking idea what he just said.
Paul Thomas, you are a fraud.
And I will spend the rest of my life exposing you as I will spend the rest of my life exposing the rest of the frauds.
Anyway, what they did was surveyed kids and looked at the various health reasons between vaccinated and unvaccinated.
And what they found was for all the neurodevelopmental issues, allergies, autoimmune asthma, significant increase in these disorders in the vaccinated group.
We need more such studies.
I mean, it's just so vital that this happened.
So, this is a lot of information.
Why do we need more of those studies if his studies already show it to a p-value of 0001, whatever?
Why do we need more studies if kids are being killed every year?
Why do we need more studies if kids are being paralyzed every year?
Why do we need more studies, Paul fucking traitor Thomas piece of shit?
What should we do?
First, we need to let parents be parents.
We need to let parents protect their children.
You cannot protect your children if you're not given informed consent.
Informed consent means you need to be told the risks, the benefits, and the alternatives.
The risks, the benefits, and the alternatives to intramuscular injection is all a mythology.
And this is a scripted traitor on a traitorous script.
And he deserves the worst life for the rest of his life.
That's really the truth.
That's what I believe with all of my heart.
I hope these people suffer greatly in the next 20 years, and I hope it's mostly shame.
public shame for them and their families.
Alternatives when it comes to vaccines has to be not doing it.
Otherwise you're not getting consent at all.
It's mandated.
So we cannot have vaccine mandates as what we are seeing in this country and it's rolling out across.
So here it is.
The vaccine mandates are the fucking problem.
This is the joke.
This is the narrative.
This is what leads to the big top tent of health freedom where we are fighting for rise and resist people over profits, truth over lies and courage over fricking fear.
Stop lying.
Maybe we should have a platform like CHD.
That's what he's advocating for right now, CHD and the Defender.
That's what he's setting up right now.
Because it's one year before it happens, right?
Whistleblower at the CDC.
He was sitting on a stack of data, and he couldn't get it published.
In fact, not only that, but his team had a trashcan party to get rid of this data, and he decided no.
And they changed the study design.
We're going to hear more about that.
Heroes like Brian Hooker, who's going to follow me here today, who pursued this with a vengeance and actually published that data.
I remember when that came out in 2014 and I'm so excited and I thought, I wonder if this will stick.
Sure enough, it's retracted.
Okay, this is what's happening.
We do not have freedom in our press.
It was retracted because the statistics that were used were pathetic and sad.
Because Brian Hooker is a scripted failure.
Brian Hooker presented to the Congress today.
Did you know that?
Brian Hooker and Polly Tommy, who are in front of Congress today.
And finally, in the 1950s, we rejected the junk science of the tobacco industry, and we implemented massive studies comparing smokers and non-smokers.
That decision saved millions of lives.
We must do the same, comparing health outcomes of vaccinated and non-vaccinated children.
We, the doctors, the scientists, legislators, researchers, and journalists, we had the courage to do this before.
We must do it again.
Thank you.
You're going to hear more science because that's what this is about.
Science gets published.
Science can be discussed.
Science can be read.
Science can be understood.
It does not fit on bumper stickers into simple little slogans.
And I think that's part of the problem.
It actually does.
It fits on very little tiny bumper stickers and it's going to look great on a fricking billboard.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
RNA cannot pandemic.
It was always transfection and that made it a crime.
They frickin' renamed old shitty technology.
I can fit all of that on a billboard.
And I can definitely fit those individual phrases on a nice bumper sticker that's readable from a few car lengths away, you frickin' cowardly fraud.
You piece of shit Dell Big Tree.
I'm suffering from here in America.
Next speaker, Dr. Brian Hooker.
is an associate professor of biology at Simpson University in Redding, California, where he specializes in microbiology and biotechnology.
He also teaches chemistry at Shasta College.
Brian spent over 15 years as a bioengineer and the team leader for the high-throughput biology team and operations manager of the DOE Genomes to Life Center for Molecular and Cellular Systems at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.
He worked for the National Genome Initiative.
He worked for the National Genome Initiative at the Department of Fucking Energy, exactly where Mark Lander and Francis Collins and
Kevin McKernan worked under the Human Genome Project.
The Department of Energy is the highest security in America.
This guy worked there for 16 fucking years.
There's no way you can convince me that Brian Hooker is not a placed liar.
that he is a placed performer just like Pauly, just like Andrew Wakefield, just like Mary Holland, just like the dipshit Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and just like this asshole.
If you can't see it now, then America is definitely going to be ruined by this theater.
Dr. Hooker also managed applied plant and fungal molecular biology research projects at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.
He served as research director for the plant biotechnology company Phytogenics.
He has done plant genetics just like Kevin McKernan is doing.
Plant genetics to make fucking medicine.
Fuck Kevin McKernan.
Fuck
Brian Hooker.
They are traitors to our grandchildren.
They are part of a long con.
They've been lying to us for more than a decade.
co-inventor of five patents, recipient of the Battelle Entrepreneurial Award in 2001, and a Federal Laboratory Consortium Recognition Award in 1999 for his work on reactive transport in three dimensions.
The breadth of Hooker's over 60 science and engineering papers have been published in internationally recognized peer-reviewed journals.
Dr. Hooker also has a 19-year-old son with autism.
And Dr. Hooker cannot say autism in 2013, but this is 2017, so he's their bitch now.
And it's my honor to bring you up here, Dr. Hooker, because your work has inspired and changed my life forever.
It's an honor.
Thank you.
I mean, seriously, can we blow any more sunshine up this guy's fraudulent ass?
Thank you very much.
Thank you for being here today.
As Del said, I have a 19-year-old son who was injured by his infant vaccines, primarily his 15-month vaccines, where he received three vaccines, one with a live active virus, all while he had an ear infection.
And very, very quickly, he declined into the world of autism.
Now don't forget that one of the stories that Suzanne Humphreys tells is that you should never give a vaccine when somebody is sick.
And this is also what he said on that podcast when he also said, hey, you know, I don't use, I don't do that because autism is not the right word.
Now he's not doing that.
Now his son has autism.
and was initially diagnosed with autism and then toxic encephalopathy by the time he was two years old.
To this day, he is nonverbal, has very, very severe issues medically, and also has very, very difficult time in terms of understanding communication.
I have studied the CDC since 2001.
The CDC is responsible for vaccine safety.
They are responsible for post-market surveillance of the vaccinations that are on the recommended schedule, which, by the way, the CDC, through the Advisory Committee of Immunization Practices, is responsible for putting together.
That schedule, at this point, includes over 60 vaccines given to infants all the way through 18 years of age, and that comprises 15 different vaccine formulations.
When I started to study the CDC, I was alarmed.
I saw instances of fraud, malfeasance, data cherry-picking, and I contacted the CDC directly starting in 2001, 2002.
One of the scientists that I was directed to was Dr. William Thompson.
At that point in time, Dr. William Thompson was very, very dismissive of my concerns.
And in fact, at one point... Did he say diagnose?
I'll go back and listen to that.
and she's fine.
What's your problem?
He's responsible for vaccines, very, very severe issues medically and then toxic encephalopathy by the time he was two years old.
To this day, he is non-verbal.
He has 15-month vaccines where he received.
Thank you for being here today.
As Del said, I have a 19-year-old son who was injured by his infant vaccines, primarily his 15-month vaccines, where he received three vaccines, one with a live active virus, all while he had an ear infection.
And very, very quickly, he declined into the world of autism and was initially diagnosed with autism.
and then toxic encephalopathy by the time he was two years old.
I think that's pretty extraordinary that in 2013 he did not use the word autism.
He doesn't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged and he doesn't like the word autism.
And now his son regressed into autism, was diagnosed with autism, and then he says some other complicated shit about his brain being toxified.
To this day, he is nonverbal, has very, very severe issues medically, and also has very, very difficult time in terms of understanding communication.
I have studied the CDC since 2001.
The CDC is responsible for vaccine safety.
They are responsible for post-market surveillance of the vaccinations that are on the recommended schedule, which, by the way, the CDC, through the Advisory Committee of Immunization Practices, is responsible for putting together.
That schedule, at this point, includes over 60 vaccines given to infants all the way through 18 years of age, and that comprises 15 different vaccine formulations.
When I started to study the CDC, I was alarmed.
I saw instances of fraud, um, malfeasance, uh, data cherry picking.
And, uh, I contacted the CDC directly starting in 2001, 2002.
One of the scientists that I was directed to, uh, was Dr. William Thompson.
At that point in time, Dr. William Thompson was very, very dismissive of my concerns.
And in fact, at one point said, look, my daughter received all the same vaccines as your son and she's fine.
What's your problem?
And to which I proceeded to take him apart scientifically.
I couldn't let an opportunity like that go to waste.
But in 2004, CDC suspended any conversations that I had with scientists because of my son's status in the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.
They said, in effect, I was suing the CDC.
And so therefore, I was no longer able to contact CDC scientists.
As my attorney said at the time, I can contact any federal employee I want to at any point in time.
However, the CDC said, yes, that was correct.
But the CDC would no longer answer my emails or my phone calls.
So my only recourse was the Freedom of Information Act.
And from 2004 to the present, I've submitted over 100 Freedom of Information Act requests and I've received over half a million pages worth of documents from the CDC, all showing a pattern in specifically in the vaccine safety division to deny vaccine injury at all costs.
I would say one of the reasons why you shouldn't be so happy to hear encephalopathy and autism in the same sentence is because then it confounds the two when really it's just encephalopathy.
That's the problem.
It's just brain inflammation.
It's just toxic.
It's just shit.
It's just, there's a million explanations for it that are not autism.
It's just using the word autism creates this sort of amorphous bullshit fog.
Nothing to see here.
Vaccines are safe and effective.
And if a vaccine adverse event comes up, then dubious statistical methods are made to obviate that particularly strong statistically significant effect.
In November of 2013, I again met or actually received a phone call out of the blue from Dr. William Thompson.
We initiated conversations very soon after.
We traded voicemail messages, emails, and then finally got on the phone in late November 2013.
What I heard from Dr. Thompson in 2013 was completely different than the initial conversations that I had with Dr. Thompson.
Dr. Thompson presented the CDC's Vaccine Safety Division as a conflicted agency that had no business
researching or protecting the children, the infants, and the youth of the United States against vaccine adverse events.
The CDC buys $4.1 billion of childhood vaccines every year, redistributes them from the state public health departments, and relies on reimbursement of those vaccines directly from the state's public health departments.
They are a vaccine business.
The CDC also holds 56 patents on childhood, infant, and adult vaccinations.
They are a vaccine company.
They have no business.
It's interesting to note that the CDC is currently headed by somebody who helped develop ARPA-H, and that our Health and Human Services Secretary, who has some jurisdiction over that, has done absolutely jack shit with regard to the CDC, is doing nothing about the CDC, and has put Robert frickin' Malone on the ACIP committee.
Robert Malone, the scripted and scripting traitor behind all of these shitheads.
Think about this very carefully and behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is this fat fraud.
And I'm trying to be mean to you, Brian, because you're a piece of shit, because you were part of the firing of me from the fraudulent CHD, because you tried to lead me on for six months with a high salary and tried to get me to shut up, because you're part of this piece of shit, fake health freedom movement, Brian Hooker, and you deserve the rest of your life to be basically shame.
...extorting the safety of vaccines in the United States.
This is a captured agency.
The agency is in bed with the pharmaceutical industry.
Many of the representatives from the Advisory Committee of Immunization Practices hold joint appointments or receive money directly from the vaccine industry, and they have no business voting vaccines onto the schedule or evaluating the safety of such vaccines.
One of the things that Dr. Thompson revealed to me very, very quickly was a specific instance of fraud concerning the MMR vaccine, and that is primarily the subject of the movie Vaxxed.
And essentially what happened is Dr. Thompson was the lead statistician on that particular study.
When he initially ran the numbers, he saw a strong statistically significant effect in African-Americans who received the MMR vaccine on time.
That was anywhere between 12 and 18 months of age versus those African-Americans who received the MMR vaccine after.
I'm pretty sure that he and Pauly Tommy were in the Congress today, retelling this story 10 years later, because this is a hamster wheel from hell.
and the hamster wheel from hell is composed of coordinated liars on a very shitty script.
Brian Hooker is a traitor to American grandkids.
Three years of age.
The effect was so strong and so statistically significant that it could not be obviated.
And Dr. Thompson himself said to me, he said, you've got to understand when CDC scientists see an effect that they don't like or see an effect that would point an adverse event towards a specific vaccine, they get the scientists in the room and they work in the room until they can make that effect go away.
In this case, they worked very, very hard to make the effect go away.
Doesn't it almost seem like there isn't an effect everywhere?
Just certain effects are made to go away.
When they find an effect, they make it go away.
So he's actually obfuscating the truth, which is that there are expected side effects from every dumb intramuscular injection.
Remember, this is the same asshole who wasn't able to say transfection in 2020, wasn't able to say it in 21, or 22, or 23, or 24, or 25, even after employing me as a staff scientist under him in his own department and having me do a whole fucking podcast about it, he still can't say it.
Yes, I did a whole fucking podcast with
Brian frickin' Hooker about the fact that they should have called it transfection from the very beginning, not really understanding that he worked for the Department of Energy for 16 years using transformation and transfection to try and make plants make medicine.
This is a fraudulent piece of shit cunt.
And if I ever see this guy in person again, I'll have a hard time knocking him out.
The only reason why I wouldn't take a swing is because I know his son is also actually a real person.
with a real piece of shit dad, could not make the effect go away.
And decisions were made by higher ups, primarily Dr. Colleen Boyle, Dr. Frank DiStefano, and Dr. Marshall and you're in Alsop that they would take the offending data and they would in September 2002 put this offending data in a trash can.
They met on a Saturday in the afternoon and they took all the information that showed the African American effect with the MMR vaccine and they threw it away.
Fortunately for us, Dr. Thompson retained an electronic copy of those records.
Those records were then shared with me between November 2013 and September 2014.
He shared tens of thousands of pages of documents that showed not only a strong statistically significant effect for the MMR vaccine.
And what does it do?
What does it do?
What it allows him to do is get in front of Tony Bark and get in front of Brandy Vaughn because those people just have biology and stuff.
They just have their experience and stuff.
But I've got the leaked document, the leaked shit.
I got the numbers, man.
Stop lying!
It's like when Charles Rixey came to my house in January of 2022 to tell me that he's got the diffuse proposal, man.
It's a fucking joke.
And Kevin McKernan goes on a podcast in November of 2024 to say Rixey's got the diffuse proposal, man.
And just recently now, I bet they're going to go in front of the Senate and say that Brian Hooker's got the leaked documents from William Thompson, man.
It's isolated autism.
In 2025, it became profound autism.
You profound fraud, Brian Hooker.
Brian Hooker is one of the most profound fraud men in America.
And I know him personally.
He's on my phone.
And if I saw him in person, only my pity for his son would prevent me from knocking him the fuck out with my bare hands.
And who do not have any type of prior comorbidity, any type of prior diagnosis.
They haven't had any seizures.
They don't have mental retardation, but instead it very, very specifically and very, very quickly declined into the world of autism.
What we would expect to see is regressive autism.
The world of autism.
What we would expect to see is regressive.
The world of autism coming from a jackass liar who didn't use the word autism, didn't like to use the word autism because his son was vaccine injured.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically injured and we don't use the word autism.
We don't like that word.
Now they can descend into the world of autism.
Fuck me.
And so there was a very, very strong statistically significant effect for the MMR vaccine for those children that received it between 12 and 18 months of age versus those children who opted to delay the MMR vaccine until 36 months of age.
In order to get rid of this effect, they enacted a protocol which violated their original analysis plan.
And in this protocol, they got rid of anybody within the cohort, within the study sample that didn't have a valid state of Georgia birth certificate.
So in other words, they cheated.
They took the sample size of the
original study, and they reduced it by 40 percent.
And that's interesting because that's not actually the story he tells in other interviews.
In other interviews, he tells the story that what they did was they took away the data from the schools that provided the racial component of it.
Because he, of course, did the analysis that found out that the MMR shot was hurting black kids, even though I don't think Pauly Tommy
I don't think her kid is black.
And I don't think that Paula Aitken's kid is.
I don't think any of the kids in the original Lancet study from Andrew Wakefield are black kids.
But in America, the CDC is giving autism to black kids, and this guy's got all the numbers to show you that it's black kids.
Stop lying!
Those of us that do statistics for a livelihood and do epidemiology for a livelihood know that when you take your sample size and you- Those of us that do statistics for a livelihood, what a fucking fraud.
You reduced statistical power, and that's exactly what they did, okay?
They did it intentionally.
The reason why they did it was not for the best protection of children in the United States.
It was essentially to hide an effect.
Dr. Thompson went on to describe a culture in which he could not publish research showing that thimerosal, the mercury-containing preservative that is still in the flu shot that is administered to pregnant women, causes tics in boys.
That effect has been affirmed by four studies done by the CDC.
The Verstratten study in 2003 shows a strong statistically significant effect of tics in boys from thimerosal exposure.
The Andrews study, which was funded through a funding decision made by CDC, showed the same effect in boys exposed to thimerosal in the UK.
The Thompson study, which specifically looked at tics diagnosed by diagnosticians who were experts who had been specifically trained in recognizing tics over a three-hour interview period with children, also showed a strong statistically significant effect.
And then finally, in 2012, the Be Real study showed a strong statistically significant effect for thimerosal in boys.
Yeah?
So interesting that Del Bigtree opened by saying that we kill kids every year, that we paralyze kids every year, but Brian Hooker's all about the descent into autism and tics.
Holy shit, these people are really, they deserve drawn and quartered.
If this was the early 17 or 1800s, I think we would probably punish them capitally.
If you go to CDC's website, specific to thimerosal, specific to either thimerosal exposure in general, or thimerosal exposure through the flu shot.
Thimerosal!
Here we go!
We just had Paul Thomas saying that it was aluminum, you shithead!
And the frickin' protein in the MMR causes the aluminum to move around, you fuckwit!
Didn't you listen to the previous speaker?
Now it's thimerosal.
You know, that thing that Bret Weinstein's dad went over to Denmark to talk about.
You know, that thing that they reorganized the FDA in the 60s about.
You know, Hestes-Kieffer and shit.
What a freaking fraud!
It today says that the only type of reaction that you would get from thimerosal exposure would be swelling or redness at the injection site.
It is a big, dirty lie.
And the fact that CDC has only looked at the MMR vaccine and only looked at thimerosal exposure rather than the totality of the vaccination schedule, rather than other exposures, including aluminum, formaldehyde, and squalene, which are all additives into vaccines, which are poisoned.
I'm not saying that black kids are not more vulnerable.
They very well could be more vulnerable from a genetic perspective.
to heavy metals, they could be more vulnerable from the perspective of blood-brain barrier passage, from permeability of the gut, from any number of things, and that would fit right into the wheelhouse of the frickin' Human Genome Project.
Because if it's black kids, then we gotta look at the genetic predispositions for it.
And so they're walking you right into the human genome trap, the actual mouth of the beast, by telling you that it's black kids.
Holy shit!
which are poisoning our children, is an indictment in itself.
The only reason that the CDC looked at the MMR vaccine was because there was a downturn in the MMR vaccine due to the Wakefield paper in 1998.
The only reason that CDC looked at thimerosal in vaccines is because Congress ordered them to in an act in the late 1990s regarding adding up the amount of mercury exposure in medicines, including vaccines.
If they had not been forced to do this, we would not have this information today.
We need robust vaccine safety.
We need vaccine safety to be taken completely out of the CDC's hands.
It's a conflicted agency and it needs to be moved into an independent agency so logical, safe vaccine decisions can be made.
A separate agency.
That sounds kind of like undermining the FDA.
It sounds like another regulatory agency that, you know, will save the day.
Sounds like a good plan for somebody that might want to run for office.
Oh my gosh, what a fraud he is.
The best information, the best and brightest information, which is being censored in the scientific literature, as Dr. Thomas pointed out, can move forward.
I've experienced this myself.
I had a paper retracted.
I stand by my results.
The actual results will be republished in a book this fall called Controversies in Vaccine Safety by Elsevier Publishers.
So hopefully that will go out.
And despite my...
I bet there wasn't that book.
I bet that book didn't get published.
You see how it works?
That book is probably the green book that they picked up when Sky Horse Publishing was combined with CHD the year after this.
Don't worry, Brian.
We'll publish your book.
Brian Hooker sold out.
As efforts to make that particular paper retraction proof, I'm sure there will be rumblings to try to get that paper retracted, too.
Anything that goes out into the scientific literature that is against CDC dogma that vaccines are safe and effective is subject to retraction.
And I call out to the press, please
cover this information.
Please expose this information.
We need Dr William Thompson to step forward.
We need him to testify before Congress.
We need him to testify before federal courts and vaccine safety scientists and officials in the CDC need to be held.
You know, you know that we don't need him to testify in front of anybody if intramuscular injection is just dumb.
If intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea from the late 1800s, we don't need William Thompson to testify about the black kids that were hurt by the MMR shot.
We don't need Paul Thomas to explain to us how some component of the MMR vaccine makes the aluminum move around because it's all fucking dumb.
For the vaccine injuries, for the autism epidemic, for the epidemic of other neurodevelopmental disorders that have been caused by vaccines.
Thank you very much.
Okay, now I guess we'll get Rush Medical Presbyterian, former head of the pediatric ER and one of the busiest ERs in America in Chicago, Illinois.
We'll probably get her up here next because Paul Thomas is kind of a clown and Brian Hooker is just a guy who used to work for the government.
So finally, we're going to get somebody who threw her career away and spoke out about this and is really pioneering it.
I'm sure of it.
Dr. Thompson was the first whistleblower at the CDC, exposed by Brian Hooker, and then represented in my film.
But since then, we have 12 more scientists in different departments in the CDC that came forward with a letter to all of media in this nation, calling themselves Spider, dealing with the ethics of science, and making the claim that they are being forced to manipulate their data, change their data tables, and do whatever is necessary to protect the industries they're supposed to be investigating.
That's an incredible claim.
So now we no longer have just one whistleblower inside the CDC.
We have 13 top scientists at the most important health agency in this nation and the world crying for help, crying for someone to come in and allow them to do the job that they believe in, that they want to do in protecting the American public.
And what they're telling us instead, they are protecting the industries they are supposed to be investigating.
So a real issue with the CDC.
And I thank you for all of your work, Brian, in helping us bring that forward.
Next up, Lori.
They are actually stepping in front of Tony Bark right now because Tony Bark is right there next to the podium watching all these other jackasses waste brain energy and ask dumb questions and cry about themselves.
Martin Gregory is an independent, hold on a second, my phone just, an independent journalist who writes about natural health and medical freedom for the Wall Street Journal and Health Impact News.
She's a former investor relations consultant for Wall Street and was graduated with an MBA from Boston University.
I'd also like to say that she's a third generation journalist, fourth, fourth, with some very esteemed, powerful, wonderful journalists in her family.
Lori, thank you.
She descends from a long line of journalists.
How could that possibly be something that you would brag about at this stage?
Thank you so much, Del, and thank you to Physicians for Informed Consent for just being.
Physicians for Informed Consent.
So that's one of the many grassroots dumbass organizations before CHD and ICANN already exists at this time, but not CHD.
CHD will come the next year.
When I was a child, I always wanted to know why.
Luckily for me, my mother was very used to this line of questioning because my father was a newspaper man back when newspapers actually mattered.
At the time, they were the only credible source of investigative work.
That need to know followed me, and today I'm here to tell you that the search for truth is in danger.
Not because we have less access, but because life is so full and we haven't got time to filter.
Moreover, these little devices, while empowering in many ways, are constantly competing for our attention.
Studies show on average you have 24 seconds to capture someone's attention before they click off of your website.
Maybe that's why, despite the reputation that social media sites like Facebook have, even though they claim to be algorithming out fake news, still feature ads in their sidebar that are known as clickbait, that espouse breaking news that is untrue.
A perfect example is a well-known post that you will often see on Facebook that will espouse that celebrities like Meryl Streep have been gone too soon, even though we know Meryl Streep's alive and well because she was at the Oscars this year.
Fake news is the bait that often pulls us off track.
Hear this well.
Vaccine injury is not clickbait, nor is it a rainbow unicorn.
It is very real.
It's not just autism, and it's hiding in plain sight.
This binder that I have with me today represents the cases of vaccine injury that were paid out in settlements through the U.S.
Special Claims Court for 2016.
It's released every year to the President of Congress, who's also known as the Vice President of the United States.
This most recent report was issued, as it has been for the past eight years, to former Vice President Joseph Biden.
What's interesting to me is that none of the mainstream media are even paying attention to this report, much less reporting about it.
I know this because this year, the report, which historically is released in the second week of January on the US Special Claims Court website, was late.
It was only when I called the U.S.
Special Claims Court in mid-February to inquire about the delay that the information was released on the website the next day.
Granted, the report, which reveals for 2016, actually, that there's an 11% increase in vaccine injuries across the board from 2015, it went from 114 million in payouts to 127 million in payouts.
That's for one year.
It's cumbersome, and it's labor intensive.
That's because the report is issued on a scanned PDF instead of a sortable spreadsheet.
So me, being foolish and stubborn,
has to sit and go through and highlight all the cases in the 277 pages, and there's about 10, 11 cases per page, and then hand enter it into a spreadsheet.
It's working.
She sounds like Charles Rixey again, you know, just working so hard on her spreadsheet.
I don't know, I don't think she's a bad guy, but I think she's part of this scripted illusion because she's surrounded by scripted liars.
And so she thinks she's doing good journalism here by covering Paul Thomas and covering Brian Hooker, but she's not.
She's doing their job and making it possible for them to succeed in their job.
Worth it, because buried in these seemingly endless pages is gold.
In 2015, there was a 400% increase in vaccine injury payouts to Americans, including a 1,188% increase in flu shot payouts alone.
That's 1,188%.
I'm certain you'll agree with me that information like this is statistically relevant in the realm of public health.
I think that's where Aaron Seery and all of his like make all of their money.
Remember those people are paid before the court case wins and even if it's not winning, they get paid.
She doesn't have any problem with that.
She just wants you to know that that the numbers of people getting paid are rising all the time.
So Aaron Seery is making more and more money because the vaccine schedule is so bad.
To date, no one has reported this information because, sadly, it contradicts the messaging found in 70% of the advertising that is generated in mainstream media today, which is pharmaceutical companies.
It's time for the fourth estate to rise up.
We are an important component of democracy.
Thomas Jefferson prophetically was aware of this fact.
As a mom, as a journalist, as a wife, as an American, I implore you, members of the press, do not fall prey to the erosion of the boundary between truth and revenue.
In an era where false news and truth are swirling in the same river, take a stand.
Be brave.
Challenge your editors and your assignment desk to go beyond the hijacked narrative of identity politics.
Healthcare and industry don't always make for the best bedfellows, but it's up to you, the media, to inform the public about issues like vaccine injury.
Despite whatever social propaganda or indoctrination narrative may have swayed the public from truth, it's up to you, the gatekeepers, to save and serve democracy from being a footnote in the annals of history.
I'm just gonna send a text to my son, hold on a second.
Dr. Judy Mykovitz earned a B.A.
in chemistry with a specialization in biology from the University of Virginia in 1980 and a Ph.D.
in biochemistry and molecular biology from George Washington University in 1992.
Upon graduation from UVA, she went directly to the National Cancer Institute in Frederick, Maryland, where she developed purification methods for interferon alpha.
It was this interferon which was used in first immune therapy treatment for leukemia.
Her Ph.D.
thesis defense entitled Negative Regulation of HIV Expression in Monocytes changed the paradigm for therapeutic treatment of HIV.
For this work, she was awarded the Graduate Student of the Year in 1991.
In her 35-year career dedicated to developing therapies for cancer and AIDS, she has co-authored more than 55 peer-reviewed scientific papers and five book chapters, including seminal papers culminating at least a decade of research in each of four fields, immunology, natural products chemistry, epigenetics, and HIV-AIDS drug development.
In 2006, Dr. Mike Biss became attracted to the plight of families with neuroimmune disease, including ME, CFS, and autism, and was primarily responsible for demonstrating the relationship between environmentally acquired immune dysfunction, chronic inflammation in these diseases.
Judy, thanks.
Remember also that Judy Mikovits was reintroduced to the world from Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's house when he told her story in 2020.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
recounted the story of Judy Mikovits from his frickin' house with her in his house in 2020.
They were at the same church in California in 2020.
You know, the church where, oh yeah, that's right, Peggy Hall and her husband are?
These are all scripted pieces of shit.
So how did I end up here?
Well, 37 years ago today, the cover of Time magazine was Interferon, the big if, cure for cancer.
So it was a drop out of a needle, and this was, and I know it to the day because tomorrow's my birthday.
So I was sitting at University of Virginia trying to figure out if I wanted to go work in oil with a chemistry degree.
Her birthday is April Fool's Day.
Her and her twin sister were born on April Fool's Day, the same day that ICANN was incorporated and the same day that they released the Vax movie.
That's hilarious.
Or do something else.
I saw that magazine and I said, that's what I'm going to do.
I read an advertisement in the Washington Post to go to Frederick, Maryland and purify Interferon.
I got the job June 10th, 1980.
And that started this journey, which is a wild one, but it's been fun.
And so April 4th, 2016, this is the cover of Time Magazine.
And I'm going to read it.
It says, what if your immune system could be taught to kill cancer inside the brutally selective, hugely expensive, life-saving trials of immune therapy?
So 36 years of research in immune therapy.
We know vaccines are immune therapy.
They're designed to teach your immune system to respond to a microorganism, to a pathogen, according to its virulence.
What is virulence?
It's the damage to the host, the damage to the immune system.
So when we think of HIV, when I did my PhD thesis, HIV was incredibly toxic at the time because it destroyed the T cells, the cell-mediated part of the immune system.
Not the PAC-MAN, the primary immune response, the macrophage that Dr.
that Paul Thomas told us about, but the adaptive immune response, how we produce memory, how we remember we saw an invader.
This is what a vaccine is supposed to do.
Teach your immune system how to respond with memory.
And in fact, my PhD thesis was heretical at the time.
10 years, thank you, 10, you know, it was 11 years.
And when we saw perfectly healthy young men at UCLA, around the world at medical centers, come in with a strange chronic infections that people don't usually see in the Western world.
Have to see sarcoma, a rare cancer usually only seen in old men in the southern tip of Italy.
It's like, why are their immune systems failing when they're 20-some years old and perfectly healthy?
At the time, we called it gay-related immune dysfunction.
And I'm really ashamed of that because, you know, I'm there and I'm 22, and we're going to AIDS meetings, and they're protesting the AIDS meetings, and the patients are saying scientists are murderers.
And I'm thinking, well, your behavior caused this.
You know, you caused this.
And, you know, I've grown up a lot since then, but I saw a lot at that time.
Now, so in 2006, when we spin ahead, we now know that, or even in 1983, we knew this, the etiologic agent, what caused this disease and this destruction of the cell-mediated immune response was a virus, was actually a pathogen that was transmitted through blood and body fluids, at least theoretically.
And so when we changed, when my PhD thesis was a week after Magic Johnson had been declared to have acquired the retrovirus HIV.
Dang!
In her book she mentions Magic Johnson.
I showed you on July 4th the movie about the Dream Team and one of the things that featured very big in the Dream Team was the idea that retired HIV positive Magic Johnson was going to be allowed to play.
And so the discussion of an HIV positive man playing basketball, is it dangerous, is it not, is very similar to the lab leak hypothesis being debunked on media and the lab leak being covered up in Congress.
It's very similar.
Let's get people to talk about AIDS so that they accept that it exists.
And how can we get them to accept that it exists?
Well, if there's a controversy about this,
Newly retired superstar being able to play one last time on the dream team we might be able to get the whole fucking earth to talk about AIDS and Look what they did They scripted this shithead to say it too because it was all one script
All my thesis committee cared about on November 14th, 1991 was, based on your thesis, will he or will he not die of AIDS?
Do you see how much of a badass I am for having already started wearing Dream Team clothes about four months ago?
Already showing you what I was gonna do.
Already showing you what I was gonna say.
And then on July 4th, playing the Dream Team video and never really saying it, just letting you know that it's there.
And then now, do you see how methodically I am wiping the floor with these traders?
I'm wiping the floor with them using eBay purchased secondhand clothing.
That's how much of a badass I am.
pieces here at George Washington University with taking blood from primarily black men with the virus and understanding how it stayed silent, how it could evade the immune response, because the most virulent organisms do the most damage by hiding from the immune system.
And so to activate that, to activate the immune system, is an extremely toxic thing, which would spread the virus through the reservoir.
So the answer was, based on my thesis, don't activate the immune system and silence the virus.
You have to have both arms.
Keep the immune system healthy and strong, and essentially you'll cure the disease.
So now, 25 years later, we don't hear about HIV and AIDS anymore because the AIDS patients are healthier than we are.
Yes, they're immune-compromised, and so yes, we vaccinate them differently, and we keep them from dying, basically, and turned it into a disease they can live with, just like diabetes, and that was our goal that I didn't think we'd ever achieve.
So what happened in 2006?
Well, we began to see children getting infections, getting diseases like shingles, and I called Dr. Rossetti, my mentor,
long-time adversary, and he said, you know, don't waste my time.
Don't be ridiculous.
He was back at the National Cancer Institute in Frederick, and by this time I was in California, and he said... Wait, so her boss worked at the National Cancer Institute where Lee Min Yan's, like, where Lee Min Yan in-laws worked, and where Vinay Prasad worked?
What are we, what?
Holy shit!
They're the AIDS patients.
And I said, yeah, exactly what I was thinking.
And I don't mean HIV-AIDS.
What we've got is a generation, or perhaps two now, because it's been almost 40 years, of acquired immune deficiencies from environmental toxins.
And the single biggest threat to our public health is the vaccines that went from eight shots in 1983 and to almost 83 before a child is 18 or an adult at 21 now.
So, you know, science is never settled.
And so what happened?
Well, in 1986, Ronald Reagan signed the National Vaccine Injury Protection Act.
And what that did was shut down scientific research, as we heard from Brian Hooker and others, any paper that is
is published that comes anywhere close to saying we might have a problem with vaccines, the data are destroyed.
And I beg to differ with you, Del, as far as those scientists that are cowards.
Dr. Thompson is a coward.
We have an ethical responsibility to show all the data, whether we understand it or not.
That's what I signed when I went into research.
We don't hide any data.
We publish it, whether we understand it or not.
And when those data are retracted for political reasons, and not because the science has been disproven, that's a serious problem with all of our institutions.
And that's where we are in science today.
Major journals retracting papers.
Retraction implies fraud.
The fraud that's being done are the papers that are being published to cover up the truth.
Knowledge and technology drives discovery.
Discovery is how we change the practice of medicine.
The difference between a Ph.D.
and an M.D.
is we're supposed to change the paradigms, which is why I made him read about those ten years of study.
Because each time along the way, we encountered science that was wrong.
So we learned with people like Stephen Bailyn at Johns Hopkins that one of the ways the virus stays silent is methylation.
Well, when components of the vaccine inhibit your ability to silence other pathogens, that's why you're activating the virus in HIV.
So we learn, and yet we can't look at a generation of kids with acquired immune deficiencies and even implement the same drugs, the same things which cured Jimmy Carter's cancer.
We can't use the same mechanism, brain tumor, in a 90-year-old man.
And obviously, as you age, your immune system gets tired.
We have the tools.
We have the drugs.
We could treat these kids now and prevent their death.
Do we do that?
No, we don't.
Because of a law that stopped solid research 30 years ago in 1986.
So we haven't taken advantage of anything we've learned.
It removed all liability.
Wow.
So they stopped all research on health because of the vaccine safety act signed by Ronald Reagan.
What?
From, from,
investigators who publish fraud, and from the manufacturers, they could put anything they wanted in one of these vaccines.
So I think it's in your packet, but I ask, you can go to the CDC website, and you can publish this table, too, and it's the excipient list.
That means everything else that is in that needle other than the antigens that are supposed to be stimulating the immune system.
I'll just read from the Pediarix, which we give two-month-olds.
Formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde, aluminum hydroxide, aluminum phosphate, lactalbumin, hydros- I can't even read that one.
If you can't read it, don't put it in the milk.
polysorbate 80, neomycin sulfate, polymyxin B, antibiotics.
We wonder why we're developing antibiotic resistance.
Yeast protein.
But, but, but, but, but it's the aluminum.
And it's the MMR shot that makes the aluminum move around.
Wait, I thought it was the mercury and the accumulation of mercury.
Now it's not.
Now it's all these other things that Brandy Vaughn used to put on her billboards.
The excipients.
It's not intramuscular injection, guys.
Intramuscular injection is fine, it's just that they keep choosing stupid shit.
Think of any allergies, anyone?
Fenton median containing bovine extract.
Vero monkey kidney cells, which contain animal retroviruses, just like HIV, in our children.
And then we continue for the next 18 years to activate those and hope they catch hold in immune cell with a long time memory.
We are creating AIDS patients.
So today I want to focus on my latest pet peeve, and that's the HPV vaccine.
Human papillomavirus does not cause cancer.
You know, hear this well.
There are 100 strains of human papillomavirus.
been saying this here this well because there was a campaign around the vaccine schedule or the vaxxed movie that was here this well and they're repeating that because it's a fucking enchantment.
Papillomavirus.
Four of them are associated with cancers because they carry oncogenes.
When we inoculate using those four strains,
Don't forget that SV40 is an oncogene that was supposedly part of the plasmid that has contaminated the mRNA.
And so she's laying down the same bullshit that Kevin McKernan has picked up and ran with Jessica Rose the last three years because it's one continuous, malevolent, piece of shit, long con script.
And with a potent and never safety-tested adjuvant, the new form of aluminum sulfate, aluminum hydroxy sulfate, and a lipid called MPL.
Those two adjuvants drive the immune response as powerful as you can get to take an infection that is normally cleared 99% from the keratinocytes it infects at the level of the skin cell in two weeks.
So the immune system, it's not a virulent pathogen.
It causes warts.
It's not an issue for 99% of the people who are infected.
when you bypass the natural immunity and inject directly into the muscles something with that aluminum which carries it right to the macrophages.
She just said it.
She just said it when you bypass the immune system and inject it directly into the muscle.
So she understands it.
And she will need to be better scripted after this day and make sure that she never says that again.
But she can say it now because that's the message of Brandi Vaughn and Tony Bark and they're still alive in 2017.
And Tony Bark is sitting right next to the fucking podium here.
of the liver macrophages, the lung macrophages, and it stays there for more than a year, that aluminum.
We give three doses of that in three months.
One month, two months, three months.
They did the research to show after the second month, you were getting as much immunity as you would get, which is four years of memory, four years of protection.
This vaccine was approved in nine-year-olds.
It was never tested in anybody under 25, and yet the FDA, against everything we know about every cancer drug that's approved, took a multi-component vaccine.
In cancer, we test them one at a time.
Everything that goes into a patient for AIDS drug has to be tested alone and in combination.
That's all gone.
There's no safety testing.
The vaccine is tested against the aluminum, or against the hepatitis A vaccine, which we heard was one of the most dangerous vaccines we give today.
And so you're looking, there's no placebo, there's no saline, so you're asking,
There's no placebo.
Another part of the narrative.
Again, this is 2017.
They're still trying to test it out.
She's still riffing.
And after this, they can review it and say, you don't need to say that again.
You don't need to say this again.
You can say that more often.
And that's why we are where we are right now with the same traitorous assholes in front of us with an even shittier script than they had in 2017.
Because in 2017, Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were still alive, and so if they were gonna step in front of them after they murdered them, they had to say something very similar to them, so that nobody would frickin' notice.
You know if there's any more damage to the host and you can't see the damage above the noise of the damage created By the very components of the vaccine that I just read off and yet it just it just flies and most scientists like myself Don't even read the papers.
I didn't until until Brian hooker's paper came out in 2014 when we started Wait, wait, she didn't read the papers until Brian hooker's paper came out What in the fuck does that mean?
Holy shit, what a liar
This is just the most ridiculous thing I've ever listened to.
Now we're starting to understand those AIDS patients.
Um, you know, so science, the journals, the journals are censoring the science.
The journals are censoring the science.
The journals are retracting.
The journals are forcing those retractions based on politics, not on science.
The papers are not being disproven.
They're just pulled so nobody can read them.
Fortunately, we have the internet.
and I'll send you a copy of our papers anytime you want them, because the data are right and true, and unless scientists like myself can read it, we can't advance science.
We're not even allowed to look at vaccine injury because of this law.
So did you know that Dr. Diane Harper, the lead scientist at Merck, who developed the Gardasil HPV vaccine, warned vaccines causing permanent injury, even death, stating that the HPV vaccination leads to no benefit, only harm from injuries.
No, it's interesting to mention somebody from Merck
when Brandy Vaughn used to work at Merck and is a former Merck employee who is calling them out on Vioxx and on their presence in the vaccine schedule, but she mentions somebody else from Merck.
That's also scripted bullshit.
Cancer is not a public health threat.
It's not an infectious disease.
Why is it in the Department of Public Health?
Why are we mandating every child over nine years old, and I heard soon to be pregnant women, to get this vaccine?
It makes no sense.
They'll tell you, oh, we're going to be spread rampant with all these infectious disease.
Well, that's not an infectious communicable disease.
It's not a public health threat.
it should be there and yet that you know that only on investigators at the scene is that they are ahead of the ncaa national cancer institute and and and cdc and if the a whole patents and they're mandating something they're making uh... billions of dollars and when we ask about that extra shot of our sale it's so they can't make more money it so they can get insurance coverage when we know that we don't need three shots to develop the same immunity worse now we won't we don't need three shots we only need to you freaking idiot
We're fighting for less shots because we don't need so many.
I mean, if you were following the science, you would know that you were fine after two shots.
Listen to this shit.
parents will think their daughters, if they escape the devastation of the vaccine, their daughters are protected from cervical cancer.
And so no pap smears, no preventative measures, no testing.
And it only lasts four years, and it was never developed to prevent cancer.
It was developed and approved to prevent warts.
Warts are not a public health threat.
It's just, it's beyond, when scientists like myself, and I work in cancer and AIDS, hear this, we're just, I mean, Frank Ricetti just said, you know, no, nobody gives a day-old infant hepatitis B vaccine.
We were 30 years old, and we worked with Ebola, HIV, and everything you can imagine, and we were given a choice.
And it's mandated and I and his wife even went upstairs and got this.
Oh, it's about mandates and choice again Even risk Eddie agrees that it's about mandates and choice.
Listen to this bullshit script.
It's sad.
Really if you hear it now son's records, unfortunately He was born in 1986, you know, so what about the children who the luck of their birth were born after that?
I recommended to my sisters that their children get Gardasil.
My twins, three boys, and my younger sister's daughter, who is in medical school, unfortunately didn't take my advice.
That was a decade ago.
I didn't know.
I know now, but that one of the sons has migraines.
We have to call for accountability.
So one of the sons has migraines from the Hep B shot?
Or from HPV?
That's just crazy talk.
Wow.
I have to call from all our public health agencies, the FDA involved as well, because they're the ones who are approving these things that haven't been tested.
These are drugs.
They're not magic pez dispensers.
They need to be considered drugs now.
And I think we need to ban, as Japan and India have, all HPV vaccinations now.
until the appropriate studies are done, until the patients are tested.
We can get IRB approval.
It takes a few years, and it takes a long time to do these multi-component studies, but they can do it if it's safe and effective.
We can develop safe and effective vaccines.
These aren't safe.
More than 40,000 serious injuries last year alone.
That's more than the cases of cervical cancer.
We can develop safer vaccines.
We definitely can, and Judy will know how to do it.
Robert Malone will know how to do it.
Kevin McKernan will know how to do it.
Retsif Levy knows how to do it.
Fuck these liars.
In the United States, in any given year.
um call all that until any of these uh immune therapies any of these vaccinations are tested alone and in combination in everything that's added to the schedule we need to call for a moratorium on all vaccination stop today not one there is not one thing on the schedule that is a public health threat in the united states of america today in fact that public health threat is the vaccines we know the pertussis vaccine is driving the evolution of pathogenic species driving the pertussis outbreaks we're seeing the same things true
It's driving the evolution of the virus just like Kurt VondenBosch said was happening with the transfection that he never called a transfection.
It's the same shitty script and you can hear it right here.
She is a scripted freaking fraud.
And the only reason why she says anything useful is because Tony Bark is in the frickin' room.
They haven't killed her yet.
Measles, the same thing's true of a cancer-associated virus.
So HPV vaccination is driving the development of oncogenic strain, and we're not allowed to research any of those things.
Scientists are simply not allowed.
If you do, you don't have a career.
Some people choose their career over their higher calling.
I don't.
We don't do that.
We publish all the data, and we will.
And I think we need to hold the scientists who are committing these crimes criminally liable.
It's a crime to commit an ethical fraud and publish a piece of data you know not to be true.
So, and until there's a full investigation, I'll talk to Congress anytime.
I'll give them every piece of data that shows every bit of the head of the NIAID saying if you do that, if you do that study, if you show up and you show what you showed before, and you're not a coward and we haven't scared you enough, you will be arrested.
You will be arrested.
So that's the head of our National Institute of Allergy Infectious Diseases that is protecting an institution that pays out more than $6.25 billion every year in research for the one million people who in 1995 were infected with HIV and had AIDS.
That translated into what we found with regard to the new family of retroviruses contaminating not only the HPV vaccine, but many of the vaccines because they're recombinant and they occur in the lab and they're in the biological materials, in the cell materials, the DNA, the cellular DNA that's in the virus.
That's 25 million Americans with solid evidence of that infection, walking time bombs of chronic disease.
We have to end this now and I think the only way to do it is to stop right now.
All moratoriums, when it hits the pocket, we're going to see the healthy people and we're going to see something happen in research.
Thank you.
did not say that during COVID.
She did not say that I've been advocating for the vaccine schedule to be ended since 2015.
She never said any of that.
Just like Brian Hooker never said any of it.
Just like Dell never said any of it.
Just like Suzanne Humphries has never said any of it because they are all traitorous, scripted frauds.
I just feel so much better after that.
Thank you for being a beacon of light and hope.
Really shocking and powerful stuff.
Thank you, Judy.
Jennifer Margulis, PhD, is an award-winning science journalist, Fulbright grantee, and the author, editor of seven non-fiction books.
A sought-after speaker, she's been researching and writing about issues related to children's health for over 15 years.
Her articles have appeared in New York Times, The Washington Post, and on the cover of Smithsonian Magazine.
She produces audio features for Jefferson Public Radio, an affiliate of National Public Radio, and regularly writes cover stories for JPR's magazine, The Jefferson Journal.
She's taught literature in inner-city Atlanta, appeared live on primetime TV in Paris, and worked on a child survival campaign in Niger.
Her most recent book, The Vaccine-Friendly Plan with Dr. Paul's Safe and Effective Approach to Immunity and Health from Pregnancies through Your Child's Teen Years, is co-written with integrative pediatrician Paul Thomas.
So she wrote the book with Paul Thomas and now she's gonna speak.
So Paul Thomas, then Brian Hooker, then
then Judy Mikovits, I mean, oh, then a blonde journalist, then Judy Mikovits, now another blonde journalist or another journalist with eight books.
Holy fuck.
Thank you for being with us.
And this is a lady who was on stage with Mary Holland a few times.
I've seen her in a few things that we've watched with James Lyons Wyler on stage as well.
So I guess this is a scripted fraud as well.
She might just not be smart enough to understand that she's a scripted fraud.
But she's a scripted fraud.
I'm going through this one.
I'm not doing it.
We can officially call every- Dr. Tony Barker.
We can officially call everybody up here the Suicide Squad.
Okay, okay, alright.
The Suicide Squad?
Is that fucking funny?
That actually a couple years later, Brandy and Tony would be dead?
The Suicide Squad.
He's actually telling you that people are gonna get killed.
It's not funny.
Because he knows that's what's gonna happen.
Dr. Toni Bark received her MD from Rush Medical College.
Following residency, she was director of the Pediatric Emergency Room at Michael Reese Hospital for three years prior to returning to studies in naturopathic modalities and starting
Michael Reese!
I didn't know she was at Michael Reese.
I thought she was at freaking Rush Medical Center.
She was at Michael Reese.
I actually worked at Michael Reese Hospital as a pharmacy technician after college.
Holy shit, I worked there for almost a year and a half in the OR.
Oh my gosh, I could have seen her in the freaking cafeteria.
Holy shit!
That, I bet you she's gonna correct that.
I've never heard her say Michael Reese Hospital.
That's a hospital that doesn't exist anymore.
I can't believe that, wow, that's interesting.
Private holistic medical practice.
She completed her leadership in environmental and energy design in 2003, and a master's in medical science with a focus on medical disaster preparedness and response.
Dr. Bark discovered serious conflicts of interest in regulatory agencies and federal advisory committees, which propelled her to research, write, and eventually co-produce a documentary, I believe that's called Bot, on the subject of corruption in big food and big pharma.
Oh, so the movie producer of Vax can't remember the movie that she made.
Was it called Bot?
I can't remember exactly.
I wouldn't want to plug your previous work.
Stop lying!
What a fraud this guy is.
I mean, he's shameless.
Dr. Bark has testified in front of Senate health committees in Minnesota.
Texas and Vermont.
She's an expert witness in a current case in the federal vaccine court.
She's a contributing author to the second edition of Vaccine Epidemic.
Dr. Bark has a private practice in the Chicago area and is co-founder of American Renewable Energy with her husband, Dr. Tony Bark.
So I want to talk about the disconnect, because we've heard here from scientists and journalists about issues in vaccine program and in vaccines themselves.
Why aren't we hearing about that from doctors?
I hear all the time, I really like my pediatrician.
I really like my general practitioner.
I love my internist.
They're recommending Gardasil.
They're recommending the schedule.
They're good people.
They wouldn't do anything to hurt me or my children.
Why is this happening?
That's such a good question, and that really is the heart of the problem.
I went to medical school, I started in 82, and I graduated in 86.
I did it in four years.
86 was the year that Congress enacted the National Vaccine Compensation Program.
There was also a program to report vaccine injury.
It's called VAERS, Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System.
I embarked upon a pediatric internship, 86, 87, and then I trained for a year in rehab medicine, and then I finished a pediatric residency.
I never, never heard about the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, which were mandated to report.
Do you understand why they need to replace her?
You don't need to hear another goddamn thing.
They need to replace her because her professional experience as a pediatrician is exactly, exactly, is exactly the problem.
That intramuscular injection is not even discussed.
that the whole biology and the ridiculousness of it is not even addressed.
They avoid it completely on purpose and the idea of injury or reporting it is not taught.
And it was not taught a year after the law was passed.
That makes her especially
troublesome for them now, doesn't it?
Because if you're going to pass a law like that, but then not really teach or enforce or put it in effect, then it's pretty lame, right?
Remember, don't forget, EpiGirl in the SPARS pandemic document comes out and says that there's some vaccine schedule, some vaccine signal on social media.
And don't forget that
The epigirl character named Jessica Rose did that exclusively for like five years besides saying spike protein, spike protein, spike protein.
She said VAERS, VAERS, VAERS.
The system that this woman watched not be deployed when it was passed as a law.
So she understood it as a fraud from its inception.
Yeah?
Understand why she would be such a pain in the ass and need, need like Belle Del Bigtree and some fat-ass fraud like, like Brian Hooker and some fake like Paul Thomas and some scripted stooge like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to be put in front of her?
if our patients have an adverse event.
I never heard about the vaccine compensation program.
I never heard that the head of the YF vaccine program in 1983 wrote a memo going out saying we need to let training pediatricians know that the DPT can be dangerous for immature newborns and immature infants and infants with neurological issues.
This is a memo we need to get out.
Never got to me.
I was director of a very busy urban pediatric emergency room.
I was recommended by the physician who was running it before me who went to the University of Chicago.
I didn't know about these things.
Never heard about it.
I saw a vaccine injury.
I never reported it.
I didn't know I could.
We saw kids in the vaccine clinic that would come in by ambulance in the evening, either in status asthmaticus, severe asthma, seizure, not just febrile seizures, sometimes complex seizures, and also respiratory distress or arrest.
And we noted that it was likely vaccine-induced.
Do you understand why this woman needed to be killed?
because she's not selling a book about an alternative vaccine schedule.
She's not arguing for placebo control trials.
She is witness to the lack of notation, the lack of report, the lack of awareness that this happens.
She is part of the last line of defense that needed to get rid of before everybody else just kind of didn't care.
That's why Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark had to be killed.
In those days we did not give anywhere near the amount of vaccine to be given today.
It was about one tenth.
We didn't give a vaccine at birth.
Do you understand what she's saying?
That even back then they knew vaccine injury was occurring, back before they gave all these shots.
Back when Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
says, we didn't have any autism when I was a kid, so I guess it's so many more shots now.
I guess it's this awful vaccine schedule that they don't have any ability to compare to any other vaccine schedule.
No, Toni Barke does, because she worked there and she saw a vaccine injury before
the escalation of the schedule.
You see the problem they have with Tony Bark?
Do you see the problem?
We adjusted for preemie age.
We didn't vaccinate women who thought they could be pregnant within six months, or were trying.
This has all changed.
Training doctors now don't even hear these warnings.
I didn't get anywhere near the amount of warning and information I should have gotten, but I got something.
I was told, when I had chicken pox as a pediatric intern at the age of 26, and we had to vaccinate the whole ward with an experimental vaccine, because I'd exposed everybody, because I was forced to work with fever, because in those days you worked every day and through the night, every third night, there were no limits on hours, and fever was no reason to stop working as a pediatric or a resident.
No, I'm serious.
And this is important.
I'll come back to this.
Sickness, even communicable sickness, was zero reason to miss a day of work.
That was very clear.
I had 102 fever, I was working.
And the day my titers came back, I said... Another big problem with her honesty and her experience as a pediatrician during this crucial transition.
This crucial transition from liability to no liability.
from infinite shot potential to minimal shot potential.
She was living the transition in the teaching, living the transition in the doctrine, and professionally experiencing the cognitive dissonance that had to have occurred when this transition occurred.
And so here we go.
We got to kill this woman.
And they did.
I don't think I ever ate chicken pox.
I was working the ER and I was covered in rash.
And I was told by the head of pediatrics, we have an experimental vaccine.
We're going to have to give the cancer ward and the neonates, because you had been on call working with them.
But we would never recommend this vaccine to all children, because all vaccines come with real risk.
And chickenpox is a benign illness, unless you're immune suppressed on steroids on chemo.
So this vaccine will never be recommended.
I remember that so clearly.
And that changed.
And I can tell you how that changed, but I'm coming there.
Okay, so that's my background.
So she knows professionally how this is done.
She knows how it gets slipped by.
She knows how this happens and she is a very articulate person.
It's disturbing that she's also pretty attractive, isn't it?
It's actually really a big problem.
I'm walking around doing the vaccine clinic, vaccinating kids.
I know there's a risk for some kids.
It's kind of a Russian roulette, but this is what we do.
This is what we accept.
They didn't think about it.
We were not taught anything about vaccines other than this is the schedule, and this is how you give them, and this is when you give them.
That's the amount of information you get on vaccination.
You don't learn anything about innate immunity in medical school.
You learn about acquired immunity because you're taught to push the vaccines.
That's what you're taught.
Tylenol was given to every kid with fever that came into the ER before I could even see them.
It's just a matter of fact.
It reduces glutathione.
We know that now.
Glutathione is infinitely important in detoxification.
So fast forward, I'm running the ER.
I always wanted to do something alternative, but I love the emergency room.
I thrive on epinephrine.
I'm sorry, but anybody, if you don't understand how much of an intellectual, professional,
Skilled badass.
Somebody has to be, to be the head of any ER.
I don't give a shit what ER it is, but an ER in Chicago, an ER on the south side of Chicago, if it was really Michael Reese Hospital, holy shit.
I can't say enough.
how this person is a problem.
It doesn't matter if you were on ABC Doctors.
It doesn't matter if you're descended from four generations of fucking journalists.
It doesn't matter if you worked for the Department of Energy for 16 years transforming and transfecting plants.
You can't hold a freaking candle to this woman.
Doesn't matter if you have the whistleblower documents from William Thompson.
You can't hold a candle to this woman.
You fraud, Brian Hooker.
You fraud, Paul Thomas.
You fraud, Del Bigtree.
You fraud, Mary Holland, Pauly Tommy.
Frickin' Meryl Nass, pieces of shit.
Like, I love emergency room.
I love intensive care units.
I'm Moonlit.
I was the only resident to Moonlight as a NICU, neonatal intensive care physician, before I even graduated residency.
I loved it.
I like procedures.
You know, I loved all that.
But I knew going into medical school that I didn't like the idea of prescribing drugs when we can change lifestyle and diet.
And that's how I was raised.
My parents, thank God, in their 90s, amazingly healthy.
They lived by that.
I was raised by that.
And that's how I wanted to be.
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, I believe with all of my heart and soul, I believe with all of my heart and soul that if I would have been allowed to meet Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark, I could have convinced them, they would have believed that these guys are on a script.
They would have believed it.
Not only would they have believed it,
insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
But Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark would have both understood this biology that I'm teaching.
They would have both understood how an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals largely composed of bacteriophages could be easily misconstrued as a spreading novel pathogen with simple use of shitty PCR tests.
More importantly, I think Brandy Vaughn
And Tony Bark would have embraced the idea that these people would not have done it if they didn't have a biological phenomenon behind which to hide.
A predictable biological signal that they could misconstrue as spread with the use of some manslaughter and lies.
And I can guarantee you that Tony Bark would have definitely understood that using supplementary oxygen in the O.R.
or using
using supplementary oxygen in the ER and putting people who can talk on ventilators would have been manslaughter.
Toni Barke would have been able to say that very consistently, and if I would have shown her that there was a population pyramid problem in need of managing, she would have known exactly what I meant when I said that they could have sculpted it using manslaughter and lies, because it was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
You wouldn't have to kill very many people.
you could just let them die.
And she would have definitely understood that making a list of all the ways that people died that didn't include the virus would have been important to debunking the myth.
I think Tony Bark would have understood that endemicity is a myth and why that's such a biologically important thing to teach.
I think she would have understood that placebo would have been the easiest way to pull this off.
And I think she would have loved the statement that using their test to find their ghost doesn't make their ghost real, nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
I think Tony Bark and I would have broken this like you can't even believe.
And I think that's why she's dead.
And I think that's why I'm being censored and ignored.
I think that's why nobody talks to Mark Kulak.
And I think that's why there's a fake anti-vax health freedom movement in America.
And if we don't wake up now, America will be lost.
The West will be destroyed.
And our kids will be enslaved by the next iteration of social media and digital ID.
These are the traitors.
Not all of them.
But a lot of them.
And they were all in Romania together because it's one scripted, traitorous show.
Mike Yeadon, you have been exposed.
You are one of the worst humans on the planet.
You should have been in this shot.
You really should have been.
The voice that you hear is that of Jonathan Cooey.
I'm chief biologist at Gigome Biological.
You can find the stain of my academic work on the PubMed website, National Library of Medicine PubMed website.
And you can use my last name, Cooey, and first name, first initials, JJ.
You can also see my work on the Woodhouse 76.
Sub stack and you can also find my work in the Wuhan cover-up book published by Children's Health Defense Skyhorse publishing and written by Robert F. Kennedy jr.
Kinda I used to be barbecue buddies with Jay Bhattacharya, but now I kind of understand him as a
one of these scripted traders.
Thanks very much for being here.
I do have a YouTube channel.
I may even be streaming to it now.
I'm not sure.
Anyway, thanks for being here.
If you're unaware of how this works, it's sharing the work that gets this around.
And I have a few supporters that support me each week.
And they are supporting me through one of the links at GigaOMBiological.com.
Thank you very much for considering the possibility of supporting this work and my family.
See you tomorrow!